
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123104381031                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647931974568                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 289540                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370413                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2059358                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67766324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59778.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17308110789                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22142543348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4136576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1210752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2572928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4869632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4871040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2572032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2571776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1211008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4855040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2574336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1695232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2610176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1210752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2572032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             44969472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9982208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9982208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        38044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        38055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        37930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                351324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           77986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                77986                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33602183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9835166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20900377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39556935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39568372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20893099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20891019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33714478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9837245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39438401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20911815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13770688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21202950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9835166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20893099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9836206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               365295464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             608264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          81087350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               81087350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          81087350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33602183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        36392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9835166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20900377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39556935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39568372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20893099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20891019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        39511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33714478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9837245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39438401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20911815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13770688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21202950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        36392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9835166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20893099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9836206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              446382814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20750564                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8540392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8178809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201398087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117784121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20750564                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10313178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24671223                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5900898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9256079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12384585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239155891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214484668     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1335766      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2106977      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3361816      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1394436      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1555881      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1666200      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1088471      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12161676      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239155891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398978                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199483561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11185526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24594706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3830032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3403860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143814267                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3030                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3830032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199786154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2240732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8036484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24359606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       902878                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143724858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        37583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       245972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66291                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199522777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668598215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668598215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29280927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37055                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20587                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2655497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13689014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7365745                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143533301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37170                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135840658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18175859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40581004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3964                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239155891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181852863     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23018573      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12570975      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8572791      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8013961      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301849      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795685      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610989      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418205      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239155891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31541     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95576     38.28%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122588     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113790906     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149945      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12556180      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7327166      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135840658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249705                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511258474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161747822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133664471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136090363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2452615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          392                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8454                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           64                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3830032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1377489                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122090                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143570625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        26670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13689014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7365745                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20584                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2340478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133911938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19132487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18846415                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7325390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133665357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133664471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78144009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204141477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20996515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2068871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235325859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185570947     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24096321     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378680      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055000      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782047      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113345      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304719      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165715      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859085      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235325859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376037206                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290972491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3263803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56058453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952143                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952143                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603869887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185264895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134156022                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       25620864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21333001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2327323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9775915                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9369870                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2756776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222939696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            140565895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          25620864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12126646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29294547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6471668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20139516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13842268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    276502151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      247207604     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1796113      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2259776      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3606301      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1517148      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1942850      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2267964      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1037386      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       14867009      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    276502151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.476149                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221633020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     21577224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        29155556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        13743                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4122607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3898622                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          655                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    171795423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4122607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      221857257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        715928                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     20235175                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28945361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       625815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    170738985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        90313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       436603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    238483732                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    793994329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    793994329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    199663013                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       38820718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21686                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2198085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15964584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8361836                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1897278                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        166695102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       159983352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20124395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40867087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1697                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276502151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208709559     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30925820     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12637756      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7084134      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9597349      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954366      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907082      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562780      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123305      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276502151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102547     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148028     10.63%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142602     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134780566     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186821      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19799      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14659867      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8336299      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    159983352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541923                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598021227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186861894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155822011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    161376529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2987719                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        544857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166736742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       129221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15964584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8361836                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21685                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2686037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157198302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14421864                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2785050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22757363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       22231081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8335499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            155822453                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           155822011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        93354993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       250774820                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116159048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    143134690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23602665                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39937                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2347207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272379544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211798471     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30700991     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11145909      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556139      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5080831      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2134558      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109128      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005554      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847963      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272379544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    116159048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    143134690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21222793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12976865                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19923                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         20747198                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       128867609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2955662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2847963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          436268130                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         337597334                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3376291                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18712193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         116159048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           143134690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    116159048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.541467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.541467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393474                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393474                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      707344503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     217742940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     158913367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        39904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20271544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18104182                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1614982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13568793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13246887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214295224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115126140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20271544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     14462900                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25676352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5293797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8594780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12965623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1585161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    252236111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      226559759     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3917526      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1975238      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3877914      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1240143      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3590867      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         565558      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         909194      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9599912      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    252236111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.389975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      212285188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10653845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25625797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3650778                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1911465                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18953                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    128770444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        35771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3650778                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212513827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6860308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3067052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25398629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       745513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    128583705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        99789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       569309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168516166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    582738206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    582738206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    136718941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       31797199                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1724201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     23209887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3762816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       855437                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127920667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       119812505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23032423                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47157372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252236111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199701725     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16510189      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17644574      7.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10176189      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5257877      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316873      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562193      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36358      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30133      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252236111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200568     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82582     23.54%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67602     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93945586     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938863      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189013     17.69%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730520      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    119812505                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.405849                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350752                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492289486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150970726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116773964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120163257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4725697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650778                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6017372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127938076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23209887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8732                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42840                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2432                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1091579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1711390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118295500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20885100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24615423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17985870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3730323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.400711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            116801004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           116773964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70670075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       153870960                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93045127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    104745667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23197583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1604864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248585333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209592157     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15319162      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9840294      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3098364      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5142020      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003707      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635737      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581348      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3372544      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248585333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     93045127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    104745667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22160750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            18484183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16071766                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        91535985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1308702                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3372544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          373155688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         259540144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4785831                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              42978233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          93045127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           104745667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     93045127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.172808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.172808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      549883789                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     152147938                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136786178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        17172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19960288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18013026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7504110                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7140941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1098340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211643627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            125409367                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19960288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8239281                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24814534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3299311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     29600549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12140553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047818                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    268288634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      243474100     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         888591      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1811792      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         772437      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4123242      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3675922      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         707620      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1481391      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11353539      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    268288634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      209456687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     31800779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24722688                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        79065                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2229412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1750453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    147076205                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2871                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2229412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      209732125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      29573691                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1277611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24560096                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       915696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    146995428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       469431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       300523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13831                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    172556986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    692277992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    692277992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    152965783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       19591191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2113408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     34682189                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     17534393                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       852642                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        146705879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17091                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       140946642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11436453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27601182                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268288634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217673506     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15447391      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12503292      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5409379      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6757766      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6398563      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3629688      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289869      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179180      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268288634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354682     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2708925     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79132      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88414087     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231045      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8438      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33803820     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17489252     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    140946642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3142739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553407920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158163043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139742105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    144089381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1362899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          534                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3627                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12425                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2229412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      28862125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       277213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146723059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34682189                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17534393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171739                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3627                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1224407                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139967697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33690989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           51178575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18340804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         17487586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474122                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139745898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139742105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75499143                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       149074426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113537953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    133425886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13313460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1066283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266059222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217491185     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17872847      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8323901      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8185656      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2271394      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9366876      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       714541      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521509      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311313      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266059222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    113537953                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    133425886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             50740823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            33319283                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8490                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17619722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       118647616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1292404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1311313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          411486917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         295708299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4541187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              26925710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         113537953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           133425886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    113537953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.600138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.600138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      691927997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     162257774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     175076723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19958516                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18010243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7541607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7141263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211742555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            125416904                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19958516                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8243754                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24815408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3291713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     29468484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12145516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    268248843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      243433435     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         889929      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1810197      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         772227      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4125591      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3679229      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         708343      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1480848      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11349044      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    268248843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      209553564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     31670766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24723928                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        78738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2221844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1751275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    147063412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2826                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2221844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      209827636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      29458355                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1271829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24562117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       907059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    146984172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       470018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       298350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    172543497                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    692251040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    692251040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    153032788                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19510626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8616                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2103544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34684693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17538016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       853428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        146702210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       140982649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80963                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11376686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27380602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268248843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217614434     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15461050      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12511990      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5403071      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6753227      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6404005      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631302      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290451      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179313      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268248843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355597     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2709851     86.18%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79070      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88434719     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231753      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8442      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33811492     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17496243     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    140982649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477560                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3144518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553439617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158099664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139784341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    144127167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253634                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1351011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3667                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12424                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          113                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2221844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      28744634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       278348                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146719412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34684693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17538016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3667                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1223713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140005532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33702454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           51197002                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18347896                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17494548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139788006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139784341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75519939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       149100488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506504                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113587417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    133484058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13251135                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1066120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266026999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217433230     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17882803      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8329306      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8193279      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268668      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9374187      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713008      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520993      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311525      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266026999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    113587417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    133484058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50762757                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33333676                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17627388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118699350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1292964                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1311525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          411450329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         295692488                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4543970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              26965501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         113587417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           133484058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    113587417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      692150778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     162305547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     175106373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20267021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18099987                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1616789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13581887                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13243343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214290735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115099581                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20267021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     14459449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25672324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5297408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8607258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12966758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586875                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    252241885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      226569561     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3916292      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1976289      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3875427      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1241864      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3590035      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         565072      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         909930      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9597415      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    252241885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.389885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      212281334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10665852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25621587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3652589                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1911349                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18954                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    128747757                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        35799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3652589                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      212510335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6869104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3071263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25394136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       744454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    128559288                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        99741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       568299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    168481326                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    582638795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    582638795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    136678073                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31803248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1719086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     23203024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3762040                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       852662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127896856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       119791137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23040198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47148733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252241885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199716725     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16512842      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17634322      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10172099      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5259914      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1319043      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1560283      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36471      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30186      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252241885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200399     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82537     23.55%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67562     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93932459     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938249      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8522      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21182065     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3729842      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    119791137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.405777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350498                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492252594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150954704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116750235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120141635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93313                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4726066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          327                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652589                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6025301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127914285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23203024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762040                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2408                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          327                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093351                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1713240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118269608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20875723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1521529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24605378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17980181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3729655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.400623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            116777236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           116750235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70652203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       153864804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93014949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    104713161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23206251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17191                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1606661                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248589296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209607386     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15315140      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9837209      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3096244      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5141886      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004045      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635255      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581476      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3370655      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248589296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     93014949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    104713161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22152811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            18476955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16066600                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        91508054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1308430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3370655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373137702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         259494276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4785524                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              42972459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          93014949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           104713161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     93014949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.173838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.173838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315076                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315076                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      549763314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     152116962                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     136752071                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        17176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295214342                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20217614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18054959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1611159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13540215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13210601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1213468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48899                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213728918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            114812329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20217614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     14424069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25607447                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5278826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8765471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2173                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12931374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1581385                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    251762627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      226155180     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3907017      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1970467      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3866317      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1237186      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3581918      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         563688      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         906811      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9574043      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    251762627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.388912                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      211724839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10820942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25556719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        20439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3639684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1907365                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18908                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    128423143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        35713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3639684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      211953151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7033675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3062341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25329908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       743864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    128234688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        99572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       568343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    168063752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    581156425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    581156425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    136359216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       31704536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1718670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     23137782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3753574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       853220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        127572268                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119492393                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77485                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22961932                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46984867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251762627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199365327     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16470506      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17595875      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10149738      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5244618      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1313118      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1557255      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36189      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30001      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251762627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200140     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82281     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67477     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93697902     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       936610      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8502      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21127774     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3721605      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119492393                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.404765                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491174796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150551816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116463519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119842291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4704859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          337                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3639684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6188756                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127589641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23137782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3753574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8717                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2403                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          337                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1707425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117977167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20823287                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1515226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           24544685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17937408                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3721398                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.399632                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            116490565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           116463519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        70478710                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       153472180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.394505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92796671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    104468310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23126556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1601066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248122943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209232084     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15280826      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9813370      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3089028      1.24%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5128894      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001286      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       633931      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       580124      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3363400      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248122943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     92796671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    104468310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             22100457                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            18432923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8556                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16028976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        91294362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1305481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3363400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          372354058                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         258832270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4771861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              43451715                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          92796671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           104468310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     92796671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.181303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.181303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314337                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314337                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      548404213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     151746100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     136413198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        17132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20797654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17008560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2029811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8576189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8200713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2138436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201798704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            118034088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20797654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10339149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24729003                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5911217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      9177029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12410093                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2043462                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    239541202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      214812199     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1342087      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2117580      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3371420      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1395224      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1555378      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1670993      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1087036      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12189285      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    239541202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199878284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     11112162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24652543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        62211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3835999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3409779                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    144112581                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3029                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3835999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200185812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2229706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      7967382                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24412950                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       909348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    144019943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        42127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       247380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       334132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        68546                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199936996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    669965399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    669965399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170607155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29329841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37092                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20591                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2664180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13714308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7379644                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679518                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143817629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       136112436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18211875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40612702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3933                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239541202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182118699     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23067367      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12600503      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8590486      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8028091      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2305602      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799812      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611777      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418865      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239541202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31750     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95267     38.15%     50.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122701     49.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114021899     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2154128      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16496      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12578181      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7341732      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    136112436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.461063                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    512187064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162068222                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133935120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136362154                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412307                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2453842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          411                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8435                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3835999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1390872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143854993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13714308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7379644                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20586                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1159525                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2345442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134183708                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11832846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19172860                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18886095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7340014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.454530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133935986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133935120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        78308214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       204557021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.453688                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100214393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122837453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21017990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33275                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2073252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235705203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185845252     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24145456     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9396336      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5070016      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3789906      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2118081      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1306779      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1168442      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2864935      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235705203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100214393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122837453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18418770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11260466                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17632947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110685595                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2495423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2864935                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          376695035                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         291547109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3270311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              55673142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100214393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122837453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100214393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.945828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.945828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.339463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.339463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      605099731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     185645663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134439800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       25626148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21336173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2326870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9728459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9368512                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222933580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140587387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          25626148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12126545                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29303897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6476636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     20118866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13842170                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    276492693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      247188796     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1797255      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2258781      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3607242      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1520400      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1943888      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2264507      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1037490      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       14874334      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    276492693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      221628247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21557952                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29164606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        13838                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4128049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3900888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          652                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    171852991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4128049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      221852837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        715296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     20215587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28953873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       627043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    170795822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        90376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       437415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    238544777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    794254638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    794254638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    199666545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       38878228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21546                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2204573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15991535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8363737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1894344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        166752562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       160003230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       161052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20171335                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41060608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1559                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276492693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208698716     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30917390     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12641735      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7085730      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9601409      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955975      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2905596      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563043      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123099      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276492693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102807     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150159     10.76%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142648     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134795611     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187118      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19800      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14662276      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8338425      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    160003230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1395614                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598055819                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186966162                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155844484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161398844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3014483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          770                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4128049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        543314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166794064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15991535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8363737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          770                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1307835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2685501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157221894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14423205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2781336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22760857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22235088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8337652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            155844925                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           155844484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        93372594                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       250844112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116161086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143137108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23657589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39938                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2346736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272364644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211786766     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30699499     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11143773      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554329      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5082380      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132692      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110929      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005686      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848590      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272364644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    116161086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143137108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21223115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12977052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20747519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       128869786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2955697                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2848590                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          436309945                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         337717460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3378632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18721651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         116161086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143137108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    116161086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541422                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541422                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      707429611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     217766953                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     158937172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        39904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19907710                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17963835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7582222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7134481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211150782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125066176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19907710                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8230113                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24753936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3281249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     29697870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12109441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042917                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    267820575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      243066639     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         886534      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1816280      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         774877      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4112899      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3656003      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         707854      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1472618      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11326871      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    267820575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      208945157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     31917687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24663004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        78578                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2216146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1747281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146677191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2847                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2216146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209221328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      29725052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1247940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24499457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       910649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146593608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       472171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       300001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7178                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    172030123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    690364848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    690364848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152636623                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19393438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17015                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2109389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34598697                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17507619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       851712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146312109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17064                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140647383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        92563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11337210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27223074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267820575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217301415     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15431273      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12477250      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5394708      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6741213      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6383396      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3622502      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289902      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178916      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267820575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354036     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2701036     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78951      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88207412     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1228319      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8420      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33751279     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17451953     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140647383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3134023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552341925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157670024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139437952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143781406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1351189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          532                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3649                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12395                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2216146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      28995718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       278059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146329275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34598697                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17507619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          139                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3649                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611778                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1218753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139673344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33631098                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       974037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51081330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18298749                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17450232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139441669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139437952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75311703                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148619158                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113293365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133138670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13207262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1061360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265604429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217132102     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17842070      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8307622      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8171705      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2263281      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9349879      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708985      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520468      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1308317      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265604429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113293365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133138670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50631487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33247481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17581772                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118392283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1289644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1308317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          410641706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         294908286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4528158                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              27393769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113293365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133138670                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113293365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.605751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.605751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      690476407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     161884574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174629172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20284208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18115388                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13605033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13255183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214423176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115188317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20284208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     14472062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25691082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5299078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8611467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12974450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    252398521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      226707439     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3917748      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1977690      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3879456      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1242596      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3593374      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         566593      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         909937      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9603688      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    252398521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      212412932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     10670817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25640270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        20680                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3653818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1913037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18953                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    128843898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        35827                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3653818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      212641875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6863921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3080887                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        25412953                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       745063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    128655668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       100537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       568449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    168617064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    583067922                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    583067922                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    136787678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       31829386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1721358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     23215225                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3765111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24484                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       853744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        127990412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119879916                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23051222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47172548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252398521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199833856     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16523390      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17650868      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10182512      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5259499      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1317684      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1564255      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30109      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252398521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200863     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82590     23.52%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67648     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94002741     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939233      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8529      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21196326     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3733087      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119879916                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492587578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151059270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116838772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120231017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4725092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       6019336                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89942                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128007830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23215225                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3765111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2412                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1094646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1714480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118360574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20891465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1519342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           24624331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17994614                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3732866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.400931                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            116865533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           116838772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        70705388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       153977169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.395776                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93087178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    104795976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23217009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1607108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248744703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209732233     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15327622      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9846030      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3097506      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5144899      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004528      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635990      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581560      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3374335      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248744703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     93087178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    104795976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             22169254                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            18490133                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16079196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        91580855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1309610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3374335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          373383002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         259682649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4787800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              42815823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          93087178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           104795976                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     93087178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.171375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.171375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      550182270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     152237452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     136856043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        17186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22787759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18645171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2231972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9583992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8986556                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2357212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219712209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127363128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22787759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11343768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26605903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6066856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     12043575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13441023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2233147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    262168369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      235562466     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1246864      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1974430      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2671262      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2749378      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2321906      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1298047      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1929755      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12414261      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    262168369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077191                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      217451440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     14324432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26556563                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        30395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3805536                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3750856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    156306059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3805536                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      218049881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2012357                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     10929821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        25995479                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1375292                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    156244935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       204564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       589990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    218034293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    726835313                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    726835313                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    189322993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28711300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        39238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20626                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4083314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14638473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7928464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1845869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        156052416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       148337096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17031427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40580289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1840                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262168369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199400518     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25805344      9.84%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13083797      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9861670      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7749379      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3125993      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976580      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028517      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136571      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262168369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27894     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90325     36.59%     47.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128642     52.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124762430     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2208829      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18609      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13443997      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7903231      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    148337096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502473                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246861                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559109866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173123824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146102787                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    148583957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2339382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          607                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104166                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3805536                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1677281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135213                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156091943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14638473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7928464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20629                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          607                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1302087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2551109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146280086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12650738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20553656                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20795976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7902918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            146103017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           146102787                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        83865009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       225975910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.494904                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110363326                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    135800842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20291133                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2260147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258362833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202672531     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27589194     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10439185      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4969886      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4182435      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2404666      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109907      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949124      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045905      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258362833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    110363326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    135800842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20123389                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12299091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19582679                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       122354980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2796458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3045905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          411408149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         315989546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3331861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              33045975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         110363326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           135800842                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    110363326                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.674932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.674932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.373841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.373841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      658392528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     203522348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     144897125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295213601                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21648677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17750611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2117577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9048805                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8459226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2223507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95188                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206735976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123026790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21648677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10682733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27047848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6002163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     19498875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12734090                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2105691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    257130124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      230082276     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2921078      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3370871      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1866327      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2165829      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1184208      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         809433      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2111720      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12618382      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    257130124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073332                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416738                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      205075334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     21191140                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26834143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       201841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3827664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3516430                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        19755                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    150190789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        97529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3827664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      205384093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6993439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     13301921                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26736090                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       886915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    150106039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       233228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       409152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    208580633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    698852559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    698852559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    178269546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30311030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2378267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14325554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7809273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206176                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        149882495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141717598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18607232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42955887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4450                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257130124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197418414     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24018215      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12893354      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8932910      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7819734      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4002052      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       957689      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623433      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464323      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257130124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37243     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129772     42.65%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137278     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118629793     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2215108      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17360      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13101573      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7753764      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141717598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.480051                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541069637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168530544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139378960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    142021891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2513575                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          871                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8678                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4383                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3827664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6489451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       157266                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149922089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14325554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7809273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       110290                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1186805                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2415873                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139641392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12304985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2076206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20056869                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19540077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7751884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473018                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            139381188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           139378960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82819424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       216924203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381790                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104683933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    128434738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21488742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2129754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253302460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200831660     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24330713      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10198471      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6131636      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4241340      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2740572      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1418720      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143149      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2266199      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253302460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    104683933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    128434738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19454253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11811962                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18381404                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       115788934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2613042                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2266199                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          400959039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         303674791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3164153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              38083477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         104683933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           128434738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    104683933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.820047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.820047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354604                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354604                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      629884514                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     193430956                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140171315                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295214339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       25613824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21327529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328593                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9760966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9369367                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222932232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            140525733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          25613824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12126411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29291267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6475563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     20118485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13842843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    276473941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      247182674     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1796014      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2260852      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3606232      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1517606      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1943361      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2267145      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1037647      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       14862410      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    276473941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      221627101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     21555771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        29152107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        13732                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4125229                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3897324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    171760885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3203                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4125229                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      221851524                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        715071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     20214570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28941682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       625857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    170704041                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        89961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       436703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    238432194                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    793839998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    793839998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    199621258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       38810936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        41331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21536                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2198761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15972605                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8358810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1893338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        166669258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41480                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       159948528                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20132650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40918196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276473941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208694968     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30918499     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12637839      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7081708      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9595558      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954226      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2905155      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562969      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123019      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276473941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101384     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149025     10.70%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142585     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134751321     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186926      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19795      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14657019      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8333467      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    159948528                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1392994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597922923                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186844151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155788390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    161341522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2998502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4125229                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        544072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68613                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166710744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15972605                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8358810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21535                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1381463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2687020                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157163686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14417284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22750021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22226311                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8332737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532371                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            155788792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           155788390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        93340439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       250746987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116134703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    143104645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23606740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2348473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272348712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211779886     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30695240     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11143730      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554608      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5080150      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2133007      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109584      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005074      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847433      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272348712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    116134703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    143104645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21218291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12974103                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         20742816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       128840551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2955028                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2847433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          436211858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         337548018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3379117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18740398                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         116134703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           143104645                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    116134703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393391                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393391                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      707178572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     217697344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158867445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        39892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295214343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20236904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18073438                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1613272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13561183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13226344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213963257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            114927299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20236904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     14440668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25632785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5285845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8689157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12945484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1583551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    251948749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      226315964     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3908311      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1973143      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3870476      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1239489      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3586287      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         565085      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         908535      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9581459      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    251948749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068550                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      211958041                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10743377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25582008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        20719                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3644600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1908259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18925                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    128554281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        35685                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3644600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      212186505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6971211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3046802                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25355278                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       744349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    128367071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       100773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       567253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    168233845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    581764072                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    581764072                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    136490391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       31743337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        17237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1718856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     23167316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3756373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        25058                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       853753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        127706538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119618101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77436                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22992357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47045977                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251948749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199498656     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16484464      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17614923      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10162298      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5247549      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1314625      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1560022      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36252      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29960      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251948749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        199960     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82417     23.56%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67460     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93795112     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       937139      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8509      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21152725     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3724616      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119618101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349837                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491612224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150716486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116584228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    119967938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4714362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3644600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6130865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127723921                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23167316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3756373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2412                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1709853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118100881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20847466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           24571879                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17954569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3724413                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            116610871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           116584228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        70553032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       153647596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.394914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459187                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92889109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    104570430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23158469                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17161                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1603156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248304149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209377435     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15292379      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9824932      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3093243      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5132310      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000673      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634759      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       580045      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3368373      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248304149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     92889109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    104570430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             22123482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            18452922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16044879                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        91382957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1306565                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3368373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372664324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         259105363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4776884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              43265594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          92889109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           104570430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     92889109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.178137                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.178137                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      548987525                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     151902975                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136550998                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        17144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295214344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       25632890                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21342544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9761773                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9378233                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223018483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            140604360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          25632890                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12136409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29310892                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6481504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     20006904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13848130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    276474219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      247163327     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1797325      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2269407      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3607171      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1511231      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1944144      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2265664      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1037934      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       14878016      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    276474219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      221712221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21445163                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        29171860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        13765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4131209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3901292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          658                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    171879232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4131209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      221937147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        714478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     20103124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28960716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       627537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    170822714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        90181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       437615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    238590074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    794383935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    794383935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    199705371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       38884703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21482                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2206321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15996774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8364541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        166793554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       160033463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20190863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41103415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1488                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276474219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208662327     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30929996     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12646116      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7086170      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9598899      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2957115      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906961      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563292      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123343      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276474219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103211     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150510     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142640     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134823384     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187692      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19804      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14662899      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8339684      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    160033463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598098464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187026615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155873711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    161429824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017214                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4131209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        543129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68390                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166834994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15996774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8364541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1309458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2688617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157250156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14424319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22763224                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22240021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8338905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            155874123                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           155873711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        93392173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       250897208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116183664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    143164919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23670800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2348434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272343010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211750143     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30710246     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11146180      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554632      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5082698      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131769      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111762      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006432      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849148      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272343010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    116183664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    143164919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21227221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12979560                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         20751551                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       128894832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2956275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2849148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          436328775                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         337802664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3381317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18740125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         116183664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           143164919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    116183664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.540928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.540928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      707553240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     217811199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     158956863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        39912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32364                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.586948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.878298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.092008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.370971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.620591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.503378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.177980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8476                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8476                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40728                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40729                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32317                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32354                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55791427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30137376526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30193167953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25504457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25504457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55791427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30162880983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30218672410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55791427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30162880983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30218672410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1507876.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933508.131768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934165.649361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772862.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 772862.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1507876.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933344.090819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934001.125363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1507876.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933344.090819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934001.125363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4840                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4840                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52542827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27302340325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27354883152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22606713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22606713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52542827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27324947038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27377489865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52542827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27324947038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27377489865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1420076.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845692.613214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846350.148572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 685051.909091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685051.909091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1420076.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845528.577467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846185.629752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1420076.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845528.577467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846185.629752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         9494                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.220071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         219137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        11542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        18.986051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.970003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1412.099703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         592.079403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.689502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.289101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 31227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                9732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  31465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31463                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 31465                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                9494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                9494                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97678117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7720945184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7818623301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97678117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7720945184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     7818623301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97678117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7720945184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    7818623301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             40721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            9732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              40959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             40959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2790803.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816253.851781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823533.105224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2790803.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816253.851781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823533.105224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2790803.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816253.851781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823533.105224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            9494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94605117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6890122280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6984727397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94605117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6890122280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6984727397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94605117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6890122280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6984727397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2703003.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728419.735701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735699.114915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2703003.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728419.735701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735699.114915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2703003.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728419.735701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735699.114915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20135                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.837042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         161617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.285624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.696352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.142557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1678.574926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         338.423206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        37984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 37985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6824                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6824                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38059                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38060                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20134                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15851894210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15919351038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15851894210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15919351038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15851894210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15919351038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788612.218795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790670.062481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788612.218795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790670.062481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788612.218795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790670.062481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086744180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14151302760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086744180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14151302760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14086744180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14151302760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700798.178200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702856.002781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700798.178200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702856.002781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700798.178200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702856.002781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        38085                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.936520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         207537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        40133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.171231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.713296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.853869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1822.019755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         220.349600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.889658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.107593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        44980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 44981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               14318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        45011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  45012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        45011                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 45012                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               38037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                38085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38044                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               38085                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85418945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35976799400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36062218345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     81975297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     81975297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85418945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  36058774697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    36144193642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85418945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  36058774697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   36144193642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             83018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           14318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              83097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             83097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083388.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946857.548163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948082.612851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1707818.687500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707818.687500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083388.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947817.650536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949040.137639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083388.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947817.650536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949040.137639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5965                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5965                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           38085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          38085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81818394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32640052435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32721870829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77759925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77759925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81818394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32717812360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32799630754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81818394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32717812360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32799630754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995570.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859039.173466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860264.238215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1619998.437500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619998.437500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995570.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859999.273473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861221.760641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995570.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859999.273473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861221.760641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        38094                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         207571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        40142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.170918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.769716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.741596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1821.054418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         221.369791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.889187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.108091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 45011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14322                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               14322                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  45042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45041                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 45042                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               38046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                38094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38055                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               38094                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78243133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35879955657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35958198790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78547003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78547003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78243133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35958502660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    36036745793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78243133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35958502660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   36036745793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             83057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14322                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           14322                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              83136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             83136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2006234.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944035.458126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945124.291384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1636395.895833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1636395.895833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2006234.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944908.754697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945995.321914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2006234.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944908.754697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945995.321914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5965                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5965                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           38094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          38094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74818837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32542713151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32617531988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     74332603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74332603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74818837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32617045754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32691864591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74818837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32617045754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32691864591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.457964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918431.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856229.461704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857318.298586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1548595.895833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548595.895833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918431.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857102.765839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858189.336667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918431.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857102.765839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858189.336667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20128                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.837336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.286977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.570495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.114050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1678.348280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         337.804512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.819506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.164944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 37890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  37964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37963                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 37964                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20127                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15842844765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15895335118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15842844765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15895335118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15842844765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15895335118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        57983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             58017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              58091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             58091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788436.586294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789751.831768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788436.586294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789751.831768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 788436.586294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789751.831768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14078319935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14127912888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14078319935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14127912888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14078319935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14127912888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700623.068329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701938.335967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700623.068329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701938.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700623.068329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701938.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        20127                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.829408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        22175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.278331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.690244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.130958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1681.006222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         336.001984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.820804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.164063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 37794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  37871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37870                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 37871                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               20126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                20126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               20126                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72547615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16181535748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16254083363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72547615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16181535748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16254083363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72547615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16181535748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16254083363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        57885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             57920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        57962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              57997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        57962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             57997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2133753.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805372.075851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807616.186177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2133753.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805372.075851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807616.186177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2133753.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805372.075851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807616.186177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           20126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          20126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69561416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14416780450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14486341866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69561416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14416780450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14486341866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69561416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14416780450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14486341866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2045924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717538.346108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719782.463778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2045924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717538.346108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719782.463778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2045924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717538.346108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719782.463778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        32473                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.587655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         168007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        34521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         4.866806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.216790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.311040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1666.982465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         365.077360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.813956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.178260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 40743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  40848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40847                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 40848                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               32430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                32463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32425                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               32463                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62251852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29889413132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   29951664984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25131804                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25131804                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62251852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29914544936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    29976796788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62251852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29914544936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   29976796788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             73173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              73311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             73311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638206.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 922740.588170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923578.938760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 761569.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 761569.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638206.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 922576.559322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923414.249700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1638206.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 922576.559322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923414.249700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4852                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4852                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           32463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          32463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58915452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27045158323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27104073775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22234404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22234404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58915452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27067392727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27126308179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58915452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  27067392727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27126308179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.442529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1550406.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834933.265096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835771.624268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 673769.818182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 673769.818182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1550406.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834769.243701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835606.942642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1550406.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834769.243701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835606.942642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         9499                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.222314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         219047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        11547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        18.970036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.234259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1411.860928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         592.048848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.689385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.289086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 31164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9705                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9705                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  31399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31397                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 31399                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                9499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 9499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                9499                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7723345866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7824148376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7723345866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     7824148376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7723345866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    7824148376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             40663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9705                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9705                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              40898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             40898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816335.045555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823681.269186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816335.045555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823681.269186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816335.045555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823681.269186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            9499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6892496811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6989962921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6892496811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6989962921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6892496811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6989962921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728516.733009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735863.029898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728516.733009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735863.029898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728516.733009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735863.029898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        37971                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.934581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         207392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        40019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.182338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.775048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.904995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1820.258053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         221.996485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.108397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 44910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14243                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14243                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  44942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44941                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 44942                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               37924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                37971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37930                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               37971                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87097332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36284770507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36371867839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     73564832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73564832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87097332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36358335339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    36445432671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87097332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36358335339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   36445432671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             82834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              82913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             82913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124325.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 957811.432753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959072.561940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1565209.191489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1565209.191489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124325.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958564.074321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959822.829817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124325.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958564.074321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959822.829817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5957                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5957                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           37971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          37971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83487782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32956688375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33040176157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69436404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69436404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83487782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33026124779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33109612561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83487782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33026124779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33109612561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036287.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 869959.833567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871220.761444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1477370.297872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1477370.297872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036287.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870712.490878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871971.045298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036287.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870712.490878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871971.045298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        20147                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.830703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         161704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        22195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.285605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.687173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.106872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1679.833681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         337.202978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.820231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.164650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 38061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6835                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6835                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  38139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38138                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 38139                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               20146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                20146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               20146                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15789312202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15852406321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15789312202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15852406321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15789312202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15852406321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             58207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6835                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6835                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              58285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             58285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785069.222454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786876.120371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785069.222454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786876.120371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785069.222454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786876.120371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           20146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          20146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14023256567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14083365486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14023256567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14083365486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14023256567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14083365486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697258.182528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699065.099077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697258.182528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699065.099077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697258.182528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699065.099077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        13291                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.466860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         196514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        15339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        12.811396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.962169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.766585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1533.339513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         482.398594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.748701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.235546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 31703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  31871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31869                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 31871                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               13286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                13286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13245                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               13286                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11000065124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11076999703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11000065124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    11076999703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11000065124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   11076999703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        44946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             44989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        45114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              45157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        45114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             45157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 830506.993129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833734.736038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 830506.993129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833734.736038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 830506.993129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833734.736038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5838                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5838                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           13285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          13285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9836705956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9910039985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9836705956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9910039985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9836705956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9910039985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 742729.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745957.093338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 742729.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745957.093338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 742729.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745957.093338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20443                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.528949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         233138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        10.365835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.298020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.612105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1668.289350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         344.329474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.814594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.168130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20773                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               20773                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38180                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38181                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20394                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20431                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67766410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17475013417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17542779827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5031775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5031775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67766410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17480045192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    17547811602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67766410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  17480045192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   17547811602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             58442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           20773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              58612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             58612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.035294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831524.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 857122.494458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858887.629229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838629.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838629.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831524.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 857117.053643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858881.679898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831524.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 857117.053643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858881.679898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              11037                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   11037                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64517409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15684549682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15749067091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4504975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4504975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64517409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15689054657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15753572066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64517409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15689054657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15753572066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.035294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1743713.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 769303.005788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771068.156230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 750829.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750829.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1743713.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 769297.570707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771062.212618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1743713.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 769297.570707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771062.212618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         9494                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.219097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         219089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        11542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        18.981892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.968141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1412.109729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         592.070892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.689507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.289097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 31192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  31430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31428                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 31430                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                9494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                9494                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717374608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7813313701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717374608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     7813313701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717374608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    7813313701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             40686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              40924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             40924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815876.372555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822973.846745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815876.372555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822973.846745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815876.372555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822973.846745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            9494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6886667926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6979533507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6886667926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6979533507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6886667926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6979533507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653302.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728054.543398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735152.044133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653302.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728054.543398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735152.044133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653302.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728054.543398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735152.044133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20129                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.830949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         161458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.280426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.688815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.160083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1679.021065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         337.960986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.819835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.165020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 37853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  37931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37930                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 37931                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20129                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66876317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16028979845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16095856162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66876317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16028979845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16095856162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66876317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16028979845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16095856162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        57947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             57982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              58060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             58060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966950.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797660.106743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799635.161310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966950.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797660.106743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799635.161310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1966950.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797660.106743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799635.161310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63891117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14264206640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14328097757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63891117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14264206640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14328097757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63891117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14264206640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14328097757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879150.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709838.598656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711813.689552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879150.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709838.598656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711813.689552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879150.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709838.598656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711813.689552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         9495                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.215516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         219089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        11543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        18.980248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.068391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.971941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1412.016509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         592.158676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.689461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.289140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 31195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  31433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31431                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 31433                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                9495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 9495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                9495                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96398198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668560358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7764958556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96398198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668560358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7764958556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96398198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668560358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7764958556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             40690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              40928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             40928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2754234.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810630.058985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817794.476672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2754234.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810630.058985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817794.476672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2754234.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810630.058985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817794.476672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            9495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93325098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837880503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931205601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93325098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837880503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931205601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93325098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837880503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931205601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2666431.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722820.349154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729984.792101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2666431.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722820.349154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729984.792101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2666431.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722820.349154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729984.792101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.117617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012392574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917410.178030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.117617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12384525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12384525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12384525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89013851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89013851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89013851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89013851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     89013851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89013851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12384585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12384585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12384585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1483564.183333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1483564.183333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1483564.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1483564.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1483564.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1483564.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56185171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56185171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56185171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56185171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56185171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56185171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478557.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478557.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478557.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478557.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478557.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478557.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180705134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2465.247868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15690634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15690634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83172222115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83172222115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    372309180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372309180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83544531295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83544531295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83544531295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83544531295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8771867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20410                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20410                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15881368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15881368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15881368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15881368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438366.865447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438366.865447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 371566.047904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 371566.047904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438015.934731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438015.934731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438015.934731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438015.934731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       337990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       168995                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       116826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33073362743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33073362743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32631844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32631844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33105994587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33105994587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33105994587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33105994587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453643.907813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453643.907813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 234761.467626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234761.467626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453227.388418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453227.388418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453227.388418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453227.388418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              490.639619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1011204737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2055294.180894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.639619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.057115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13842217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13842217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13842217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13842217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13842217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13842217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    150551766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150551766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    150551766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150551766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    150551766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150551766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13842266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13842266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13842266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13842266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13842266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13842266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3072485.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3072485.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3072485.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3072485.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3072485.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3072485.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2733185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683296.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98098071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98098071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98098071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98098071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98098071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98098071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2651299.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2651299.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2651299.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2651299.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2651299.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2651299.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                40922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165650891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                41178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4022.800792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.335154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.664846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     11043078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11043078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8203162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8203162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19246240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19246240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19246240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19246240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       105347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       107805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       107805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       107805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       107805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23589724492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23589724492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    157715322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157715322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23747439814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23747439814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23747439814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23747439814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     11148425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11148425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8205620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8205620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19354045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19354045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19354045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19354045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 223924.027186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223924.027186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64164.085435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64164.085435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220281.432345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220281.432345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220281.432345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220281.432345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        64663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        66883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        66883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9830223643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9830223643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17383862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17383862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9847607505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847607505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9847607505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847607505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 241623.823690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241623.823690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73041.436975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73041.436975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240643.358218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240643.358218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240643.358218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240643.358218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.081363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926784123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1652021.609626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.075243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.006120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12965576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12965576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12965576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12965576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12965576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12965576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12965623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12965623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12965623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12965623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12965623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12965623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224851992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                58416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3849.150781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.390284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.609716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.790587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.209413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19073485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19073485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3658882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22732367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       22732367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22732367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      22732367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       205467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       205467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91292301679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91292301679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27791021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27791021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91320092700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91320092700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91320092700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91320092700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19278631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19278631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3659203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22937834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22937834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22937834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22937834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 445011.365949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445011.365949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86576.389408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86576.389408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444451.384894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444451.384894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444451.384894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444451.384894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18509539072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18509539072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4887811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4887811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18514426883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18514426883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18514426883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18514426883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318662.977912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318662.977912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65170.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65170.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318336.088085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318336.088085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318336.088085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318336.088085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              580.575789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1037081821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1772789.437607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.497669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.078121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    112425191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112425191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    112425191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112425191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    112425191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112425191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12140553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12140553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12140553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12140553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12140553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12140553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1938365.362069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1938365.362069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1938365.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1938365.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1938365.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1938365.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85825791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85825791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85825791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85825791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85825791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85825791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043471.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043471.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043471.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                83055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              448740545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                83311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5386.330076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.913467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.086533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     31781487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31781487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17404009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17404009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     49185496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       49185496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     49185496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      49185496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       304724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       305027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       305027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       305027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       305027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149287439704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149287439704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    293598473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293598473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149581038177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149581038177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149581038177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149581038177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     32086211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32086211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17404312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17404312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     49490523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49490523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     49490523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49490523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 489910.344128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489910.344128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 968971.858086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968971.858086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 490386.222128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490386.222128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 490386.222128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490386.222128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254689                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        82976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        83055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        83055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39364126237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39364126237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     84443417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84443417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39448569654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39448569654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  39448569654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39448569654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474403.758159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474403.758159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1068904.012658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1068904.012658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474969.233087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474969.233087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474969.233087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474969.233087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.017168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1037086784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1778879.560892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.975995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.041173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12145458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12145458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12145458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12145458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12145458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12145458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105354119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105354119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105354119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12145515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12145515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12145515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12145515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12145515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12145515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848317.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1848317.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848317.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1848317.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848317.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1848317.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78632906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78632906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78632906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78632906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78632906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78632906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965822.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965822.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965822.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965822.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965822.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965822.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                83096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448758305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                83352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5383.893668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.912381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.087619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31791722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31791722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17411524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17411524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49203246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       49203246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49203246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      49203246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       304759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       304759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149081774417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149081774417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    307330118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307330118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149389104535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149389104535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149389104535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149389104535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     32096160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32096160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17411845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17411845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49508005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49508005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49508005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49508005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489695.026301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489695.026301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957414.697819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957414.697819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490187.671357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490187.671357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490187.671357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490187.671357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278570                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278570                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           14322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39269673828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39269673828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     81031572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81031572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39350705400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39350705400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39350705400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39350705400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473031.714324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473031.714324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1025716.101266                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1025716.101266                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473557.155579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473557.155579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473557.155579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473557.155579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.228805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926785258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1652023.632799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.222648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.006157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12966711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12966711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12966711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12966711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12966711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12966711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12966758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12966758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12966758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12966758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12966758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12966758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                58057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224843098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                58313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3855.797129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.499645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.500355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.791014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.208986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19065282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19065282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3658178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22723460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       22723460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22723460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      22723460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       205395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       205395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91505573815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91505573815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26963749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26963749                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91532537564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91532537564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91532537564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91532537564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19270364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19270364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3658491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3658491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22928855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22928855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22928855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22928855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446190.176685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446190.176685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86146.162939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86146.162939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445641.508138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445641.508138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445641.508138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445641.508138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        57983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18494546992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18494546992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4822118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4822118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18499369110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18499369110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18499369110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18499369110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318964.989600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318964.989600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65163.756757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.756757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318641.492154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318641.492154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318641.492154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318641.492154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.428041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              926749870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1649021.120996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.297512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.130529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12931323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12931323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12931323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12931323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12931323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12931323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101573824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101573824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101573824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101573824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101573824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101573824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12931374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12931374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12931374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12931374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12931374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12931374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991643.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991643.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991643.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991643.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1991643.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991643.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72925778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72925778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72925778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72925778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72925778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72925778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2083593.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083593.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2083593.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083593.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2083593.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083593.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                57962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224785443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                58218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3861.098681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.020618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.979382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.789143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.210857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19015972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19015972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3649874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3649874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8644                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8644                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     22665846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       22665846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     22665846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      22665846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       204862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       205199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       205199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  93161592188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93161592188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29340174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29340174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  93190932362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93190932362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  93190932362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93190932362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19220834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19220834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3650211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3650211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8644                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8566                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     22871045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22871045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     22871045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22871045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454752.917515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454752.917515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87062.830861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87062.830861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454149.057071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454149.057071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454149.057071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454149.057071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        57885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        57962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        57962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18826403796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18826403796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5052254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5052254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18831456050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18831456050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18831456050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18831456050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 325238.037419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325238.037419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65613.688312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65613.688312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324893.137745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324893.137745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324893.137745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324893.137745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              527.530756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012418081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1913833.801512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.530756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12410032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12410032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12410032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12410032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12410032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12410032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98870837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98870837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98870837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98870837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98870837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98870837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12410093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12410093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12410093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12410093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12410093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12410093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1620833.393443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1620833.393443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1620833.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1620833.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1620833.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1620833.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62633509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62633509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62633509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62633509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62633509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62633509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1605987.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605987.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1605987.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605987.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1605987.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1605987.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                73272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180738905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                73528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2458.096303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.176742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.823258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8600602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8600602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7123776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7123776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15724378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15724378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15724378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15724378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       190360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       191301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       191301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       191301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       191301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82913306767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82913306767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    312975590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    312975590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  83226282357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83226282357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  83226282357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83226282357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8790962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8790962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7124717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7124717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15915679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15915679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15915679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15915679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435560.552464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435560.552464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 332598.926674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332598.926674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435054.089404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435054.089404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 435054.089404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435054.089404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       117226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       118029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       118029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32834335987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32834335987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32182280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32182280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32866518267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32866518267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32866518267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32866518267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448961.303730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448961.303730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233204.927536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233204.927536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448554.949599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448554.949599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 448554.949599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448554.949599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.320595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011204633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2042837.642424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.320595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13842113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13842113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13842113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13842113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13842113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13842113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13842168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13842168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13842168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13842168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13842168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13842168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                40858                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165651748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4029.083718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.330860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.669140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11043872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11043872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8203362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8203362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19247234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19247234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19247234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19247234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       105214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       107605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       107605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23579385102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23579385102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    154160101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154160101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23733545203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23733545203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23733545203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23733545203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11149086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11149086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8205753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8205753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19354839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19354839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19354839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19354839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224108.817287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224108.817287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64475.157256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64475.157256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 220561.732289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220561.732289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 220561.732289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220561.732289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9828530334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9828530334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17108131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17108131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9845638465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845638465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9845638465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845638465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241944.965512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241944.965512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72800.557447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72800.557447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240972.109868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240972.109868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240972.109868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240972.109868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              580.007909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037050708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772736.252991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.415653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.592256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.866334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12109382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12109382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12109382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12109382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12109382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12109382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117126071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117126071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117126071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117126071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    117126071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117126071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12109439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12109439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12109439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12109439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12109439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12109439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2054843.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2054843.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2054843.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2054843.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2054843.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2054843.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87504575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87504575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87504575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87504575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87504575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87504575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083442.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083442.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083442.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083442.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083442.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083442.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448646618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                83126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5397.187619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.913795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.086205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31725114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31725114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17366494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17366494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49091608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49091608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49091608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49091608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       303791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       303791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       304112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       304112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       304112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       304112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150315295575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150315295575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    280688640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    280688640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150595984215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150595984215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150595984215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150595984215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32028905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32028905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17366815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17366815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49395720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49395720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49395720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49395720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 494798.383017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494798.383017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874419.439252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874419.439252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495199.085255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495199.085255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495199.085255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495199.085255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       892803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 446401.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       220999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39665375101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39665375101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     76082636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76082636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39741457737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39741457737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39741457737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39741457737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479096.713463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479096.713463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963071.341772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963071.341772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479558.081078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479558.081078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 479558.081078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479558.081078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.196110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              926792947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1649097.770463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.104622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.091488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12974400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12974400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12974400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12974400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12974400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12974400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12974450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12974450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12974450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12974450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12974450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12974450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                58250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224858865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                58506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3843.347093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.220611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.779389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19077820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19077820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3661399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3661399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     22739219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       22739219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     22739219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      22739219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       205998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       205998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  90997233136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90997233136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29878972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29878972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  91027112108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91027112108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  91027112108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91027112108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19283473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19283473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3661744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3661744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     22945217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22945217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     22945217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22945217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442479.483090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442479.483090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86605.715942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86605.715942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441883.475121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441883.475121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441883.475121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441883.475121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18451626075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18451626075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5089663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5089663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18456715738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18456715738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18456715738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18456715738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317190.849120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317190.849120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65252.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65252.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316853.489064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316853.489064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316853.489064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316853.489064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.049663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1007704062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1945374.637066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.049663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.067387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13440960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13440960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13440960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13440960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13440960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13440960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13441022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13441022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13441022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13441022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13441022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13441022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                45114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167298784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                45370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3687.431871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.637095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.362905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9249379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9249379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7787289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7787289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17036668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17036668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17036668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17036668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       144472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       145466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       145466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       145466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       145466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49254052590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49254052590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     84013797                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84013797                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49338066387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49338066387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49338066387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49338066387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9393851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9393851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7788283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7788283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17182134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17182134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17182134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17182134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340924.556938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340924.556938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84520.922535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84520.922535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339172.496577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339172.496577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339172.496577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339172.496577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        44946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        45114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        45114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13176773674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13176773674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10868538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10868538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13187642212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13187642212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13187642212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13187642212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293168.995550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293168.995550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64693.678571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64693.678571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292318.176442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292318.176442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292318.176442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292318.176442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.198251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1008296487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1939031.705769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.198251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12734041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12734041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12734041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12734041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12734041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12734041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95284529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95284529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95284529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95284529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95284529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95284529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12734090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12734090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12734090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12734090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12734090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12734090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944582.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1944582.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944582.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1944582.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944582.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1944582.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68198205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68198205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68198205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68198205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68198205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68198205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794689.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794689.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794689.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                58572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172707631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                58828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2935.806606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.934593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.065407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8977544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8977544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7599035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7599035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16576579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16576579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16576579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16576579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       200213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       206028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       206028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       206028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       206028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84975045171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84975045171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3731270784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3731270784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  88706315955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88706315955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  88706315955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88706315955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9177757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9177757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7604850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7604850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16782607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16782607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16782607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16782607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424423.215131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424423.215131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 641663.075494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641663.075494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 430554.662255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430554.662255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 430554.662255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430554.662255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50783345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 534561.526316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           20773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       141809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20144320277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20144320277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15759422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15759422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20160079699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20160079699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20160079699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20160079699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 344913.366841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344913.366841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92702.482353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92702.482353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 344181.372264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344181.372264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 344181.372264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344181.372264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.639349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011205312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2055295.349593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.639349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13842792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13842792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13842792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13842792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13842792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13842792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13842841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13842841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13842841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13842841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13842841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13842841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2726576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 908858.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                40887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165645622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4026.094889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.336302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.663698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     11039695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11039695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8201431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8201431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19241126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19241126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19241126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19241126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       105228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       107686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       107686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23602135622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23602135622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157590383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157590383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23759726005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23759726005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23759726005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23759726005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     11144923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11144923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8203889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19348812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19348812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19348812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19348812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224295.203007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224295.203007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64113.255899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64113.255899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220638.950328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220638.950328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220638.950328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220638.950328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    12.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        64579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9824303565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9824303565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17370546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17370546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9841674111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9841674111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9841674111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9841674111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241686.230043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241686.230043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72985.487395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72985.487395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240704.236334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240704.236334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240704.236334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240704.236334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.039542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              926763980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1649046.227758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.867014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.172528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12945433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12945433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12945433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12945433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12945433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12945433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90917254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90917254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90917254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90917254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90917254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90917254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12945484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12945484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12945484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12945484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12945484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12945484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1782691.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1782691.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1782691.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1782691.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1782691.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1782691.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67240147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67240147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67240147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67240147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67240147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67240147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1921147.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921147.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1921147.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921147.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1921147.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921147.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                58024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224810387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                58280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3857.419132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.475873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.524127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.790921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.209079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19037900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19037900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3652879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3652879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     22690779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       22690779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     22690779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      22690779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       205486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       205486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  92552978833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92552978833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29748100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29748100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  92582726933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92582726933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  92582726933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92582726933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19243041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19243041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3653224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3653224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     22896265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22896265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     22896265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22896265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451167.630230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451167.630230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86226.376812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86226.376812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450554.913391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450554.913391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 450554.913391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450554.913391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        57947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18677786166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18677786166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5070284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5070284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18682856450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18682856450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18682856450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18682856450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 322325.334633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322325.334633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65003.641026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65003.641026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321979.430418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321979.430418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321979.430418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321979.430418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.639473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011210599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2055306.095528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.639473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13848079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13848079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13848079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149526105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149526105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149526105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149526105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149526105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149526105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13848128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13848128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13848128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3051553.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3051553.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3051553.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3051553.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3051553.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3051553.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96821440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96821440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96821440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96821440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96821440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96821440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616795.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616795.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616795.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616795.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616795.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616795.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                40891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165654233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                41147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4025.912776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.332697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.667303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     11044897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11044897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8204885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8204885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19249782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19249782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19249782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19249782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       105227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       107685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23469179114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23469179114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23626824490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23626824490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23626824490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23626824490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     11150124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11150124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8207343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19357467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19357467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19357467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19357467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223033.813698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223033.813698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219406.830013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219406.830013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219406.830013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219406.830013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9775671806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775671806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793055860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793055860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793055860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793055860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240466.184685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240466.184685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239491.718471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239491.718471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239491.718471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239491.718471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
