
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104609                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104608827249                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632384203794                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   409358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1936799                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67621672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 54011.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17237778475                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22109922572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1825024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2498048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2544896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1422976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2466688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2414208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4073600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2533504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3597440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1822208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4168320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2437504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1382784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2444416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2481280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39949568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11019136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11019136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        31825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                312106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17446176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23879897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        46497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24327737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13602829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23580113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23078435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     38941264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24218836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34389450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17419257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        51391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39846733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23301131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13218617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16823360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23367206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23719604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               381894808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        46497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        51391                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             734164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105336579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105336579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105336579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        48944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17446176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23879897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        46497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24327737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13602829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23580113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23078435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        48944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     38941264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24218836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34389450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        46497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17419257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        51391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39846733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23301131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13218617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        50168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16823360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23367206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23719604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              487231387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20645721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16892487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8695439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199131494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115387774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20645721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10277654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24104921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4704684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12182434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025347                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231389415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207284494     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1128122      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1788949      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421223      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2488124      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2104554      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1178258      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1751093      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11244598      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231389415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197108705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6744468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24062171                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26127                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141622644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197648279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1396281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4112734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23555862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1228315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141571977                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       167602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       535677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197560794                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658586523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658586523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26015259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18635                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3672415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13267866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1642086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141405587                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134413736                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15438950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36797111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1610                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231389415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174535192     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23357667     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11842862      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8947573      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7025609      3.04%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836708      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788636      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931510      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123658      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231389415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25044     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81837     36.62%     47.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116595     52.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113049999     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001635      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12184006      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161234      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134413736                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500458769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156880694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132387659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134637212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123585                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95056                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1117356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141441346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13267866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180622                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132443                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2313065                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132548070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18623427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18842510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160963                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132387891                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132387659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204772133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18392419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227941476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177508562     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24977135     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9456305      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4499095      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3776699      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2177089      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1921269      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860514      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2764808      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227941476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2764808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366617345                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286330729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19471083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.508605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.508605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398628                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398628                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596586588                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184422591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131275263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19033405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16990778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12748755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12411630                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201139867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            108082944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19033405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13558388                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24103476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4970904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3052298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12168159                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231739266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207635790     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3669941      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1858600      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3630473      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1169802      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3362501      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         531471      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         856921      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9023767      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231739266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      198677655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5560458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24055987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3425760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1802206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17866                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    120957466                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        33616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3425760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      198952497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3342851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1375848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23802704                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       839599                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    120783949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        94082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       673264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    158352196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    547487046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    547487046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    128506634                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29845562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1816491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     21745043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3546680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       806223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        120161297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       112553976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21603610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44231178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231739266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182349599     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15627560      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16468597      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9578668      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944377      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238182      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1469588      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34288      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28407      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231739266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189028     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77094     23.37%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63722     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88292727     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885110      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8036      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19851447     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3516656      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    112553976                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448672                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329844                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457249528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141781559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109700036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    112883820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          312                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2254728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120177743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21745043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3546680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2277                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          312                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1609446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111119491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19563157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1434485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23079634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16887935                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3516477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.442953                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            109724568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           109700036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66380758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       144752860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437295                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458580                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87388499                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     98420580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21762011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1509178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228313506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191649995     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14418970      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9249726      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913156      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4828564      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943430      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598881      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548274      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3162510      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228313506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     87388499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     98420580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20792070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17325845                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8086                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15097306                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        86021671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1233859                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3162510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          345333262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         243793592                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4464310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19121232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          87388499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            98420580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     87388499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.870635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.870635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      516451432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     142982949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128392051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250860497                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20392701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16721093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8402303                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7964789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194614248                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115943684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20392701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10058448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25497026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5676184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6406126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11989475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    230165620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      204668594     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2765031      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3196610      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1756747      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2018518      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1113396      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         757223      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1978094      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11911407      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    230165620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462184                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      193030369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8019658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25283971                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       202033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3629588                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3312306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18632                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    141524468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        91951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3629588                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      193340527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2924610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4228177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25188907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       853802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    141438184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       219153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       397839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    196575781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    658577648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    658577648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    167822775                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28753006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2278389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13491793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7360743                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        141231387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37027                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       133459456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17675955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40848095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4063                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230165620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173938677     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22610382      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12149285      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8417210      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7354324      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3758832      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911515      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584832      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440563      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230165620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35588     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122420     42.64%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129074     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111707838     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088041      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16344      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12340194      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307039      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    133459456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497557913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158945622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131243556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    133746538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2371485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          853                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1255                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3629588                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2427919                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141268537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13491793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360743                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20562                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1255                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2279530                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131490111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11588450                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18893828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18397182                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7305378                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            131245717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           131243556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        78002653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       204298628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98550783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120909874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20359874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32964                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2008526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226536032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177147274     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22902145     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596101      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5771538      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3988536      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582158      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1336158      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077945      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134177      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226536032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     98550783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120909874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18315431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11120308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17304302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       109005094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2459918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2134177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          365670940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         286169165                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2981668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20694877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          98550783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120909874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     98550783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545495                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545495                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      593158915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     182151157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     132096411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32934                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22696571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18899482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8922705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8315108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446373                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96498                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197715852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            124547101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22696571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10761481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25968803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5737763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6722721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12275981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234059621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208090818     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1593619      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2012808      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3203733      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1338248      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1723017      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2011189      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         918345      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13167844      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234059621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      196555447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7994961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25845347                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3651797                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3451673                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    152212371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2085                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3651797                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      196754310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        635473                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6807321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25658842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       551872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    151270271                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        80033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       385048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    211323600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    703511265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    703511265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    176990301                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34333275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19750                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1942203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14148386                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7402890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        147708032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141780358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17810682                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36153517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2028                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234059621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173970482     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27421355     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11201209      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6270533      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509651      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614485      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577744      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385803      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108359      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234059621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978172     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130677     10.58%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126417     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119445683     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938943      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17553      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12998451      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7379728      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141780358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565176                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235266                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518996773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165556822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138093115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    143015624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2644713                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92823                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           46                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651797                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        484876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147745470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14148386                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7402890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53570                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229415                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2380963                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139312858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12783657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2467498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20162945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19702471                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7379288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            138093409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           138093115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        82743887                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       222274339                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550478                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102969538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126882817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20863192                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2084566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230407824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176702027     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27218558     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9882074      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4925177      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501033      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893707      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1868752      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       892567      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523929      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230407824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    102969538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126882817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18813740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11503673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17662                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18391593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       114235719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2620163                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2523929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          375629189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         299143842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2998082                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16800877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         102969538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126882817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    102969538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.436259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.436259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      626878158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     192984226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     140801068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19041341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16997472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518460                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12755687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12416754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46271                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201189148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108121719                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19041341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13563239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24111048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4970774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3059021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12171143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490635                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231803029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207691981     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3670429      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1860042      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3632084      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1170589      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3362769      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         532273      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         857074      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9025788      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231803029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      198730417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5563663                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24063370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19674                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3425904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1803060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17867                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    120992373                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        33694                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3425904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199004780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3346415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1375999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23810649                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       839275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    120819126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        94153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       672977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    158404351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    547629745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    547629745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    128555181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29849160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1816843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     21750169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3548401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       807034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        120195835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       112586589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21601247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44234008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231803029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182397550     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15632679      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16476242      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9581488      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944176      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236271      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471863      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34355      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28405      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231803029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189143     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77171     23.38%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63720     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88316246     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885542      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19858352     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518409      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    112586589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448802                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330034                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457378956                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141813709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109735544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    112916623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89092                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2257778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120212259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21750169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026052                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1609613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111157589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19572569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23090801                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16895509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3518232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.443105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            109760429                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           109735544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66398936                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       144761375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.437437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87418948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     98456552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21760552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1508906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228377125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191697515     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14426290      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9254395      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913823      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830515      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943656      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599631      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548523      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3162777      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228377125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     87418948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     98456552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20798549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            17330592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15102662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        86053610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1234464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3162777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          345431127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         243862816                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4465908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19057469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          87418948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            98456552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     87418948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.869635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.869635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      516623934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     143030166                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     128438804                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20407986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16735200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8389066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7965179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89307                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194791093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            116043745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20407986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10058275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25524517                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5693181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6332112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12003769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1986865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    230308048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      204783531     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2766791      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3205824      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1758224      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2019337      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1112850      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         753851      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1977375      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11930265      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    230308048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      193202306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7950813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25310348                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       202912                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3641668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3313287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18659                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    141674365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        92617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3641668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193514023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2852995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4227220                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25214376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       857757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    141587398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       218081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       400844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    196776378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    659276050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    659276050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167910032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28866305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36970                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20575                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2295633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13521460                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7364580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636095                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        141374015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133564001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186931                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17755818                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41068122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4070                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230308048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174044323     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22619831      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12159333      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8421226      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7361212      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762446      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913500      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585668      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440509      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230308048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35023     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125816     43.30%     55.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129713     44.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111797120     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089030      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16352      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12350185      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7311314      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133564001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532423                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497913529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159168149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131335522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    133854553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          840                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8178                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3641668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2361719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145324                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141411184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13521460                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7364580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126900                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2285253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131585108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11596003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1978889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18905507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18408165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7309504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            131337545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           131335522                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        78065035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       204511940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523540                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381714                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98601996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120972700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20439783                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2013390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226666380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177252772     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22914751     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9603713      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5766401      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3994787      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2579346      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1341680      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1078078      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134852      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226666380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     98601996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120972700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18324948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11126085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17313286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       109061729                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2461193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2134852                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          365943348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         286466735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2987521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20552450                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          98601996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120972700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     98601996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.544173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.544173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      593563711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     182285298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     132203697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19517807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17615199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1024170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7303536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6975074                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206851433                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            122778353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19517807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8053459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24277008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3216911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4985342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11874178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028848                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    238281027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      214004019     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         864557      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1771423      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         743961      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4036316      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3591691      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         694993      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1458376      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11115691      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    238281027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489429                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      205689446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6160315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24186674                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        77849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2166738                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1709570                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    143978160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2166738                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      205900080                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4448344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053071                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24068314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       644473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    143901644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       274806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       233471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3583                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    168960370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    677796962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    677796962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    149893319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19067051                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1626671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     33952474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17172142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       834120                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        143619703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       138093485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70889                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11061123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26522722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          560                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238281027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189239142     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14667358      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12051864      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5213243      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6609260      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6400123      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3634543      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286195      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179299      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238281027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349810     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2726367     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78962      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86633554     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206067      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8270      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33109935     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17135659     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    138093485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550479                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3155139                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517694025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154701588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136913372                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    141248624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1303986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          556                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12229                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2166738                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4087106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143637007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33952474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17172142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       123855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       595747                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       606167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1201914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137124488                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32998303                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       968997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  73                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           50132700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17963904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17134397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            136917718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           136913372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73946104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       145713601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545775                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111256292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    130744875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12906455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1046582                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236114289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188724039     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17280282      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8111779      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8021752      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181349      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9334059      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699829      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508486      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252714      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236114289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    111256292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    130744875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             49719556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            32648488                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8322                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17265669                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116263748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1266528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1252714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          378512567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         289469604                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4538296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12579471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         111256292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           130744875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    111256292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.254798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.254798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443499                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443499                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      677905125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     158998623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     171440825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16646                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20389309                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16715876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8394605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7963777                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093915                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194653955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            115945104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20389309                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10057692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25500203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5668680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6475029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11990587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1980752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    230271314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      204771111     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2767623      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3195937      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1757581      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2018075      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1112334      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         758227      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1977051      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11913375      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    230271314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      193071584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8086895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25288243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       201102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3623489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3314139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18639                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    141536024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        92545                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3623489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193380692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2839206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4381808                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25193013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       853097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    141452306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       217122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       399143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    196592218                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    658653726                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    658653726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167896274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28695927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36943                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20581                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2275802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13496231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7362301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633568                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        141246259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       133495127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17633922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40773754                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4043                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230271314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174030616     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22616083      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12149288      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8421501      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7355288      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3761750      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911865      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584511      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440412      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230271314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34959     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123665     42.87%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129869     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111734411     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089185      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16351      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12345209      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309971      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    133495127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288493                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497736735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158918462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131280400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    133783620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       338158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2371049                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          861                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3623489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2350565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144852                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141283398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13496231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7362301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20550                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1119305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2276388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131528974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11592197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1966153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18900509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18402902                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7308312                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524311                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            131282390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           131280400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        78019570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       204349709                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98593891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120962825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20321865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2007098                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226647825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177240442     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22907986     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9602327      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5771895      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992638      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581558      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337026      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077622      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2136331      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226647825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     98593891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120962825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18323460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11125182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17311907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       109052815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2461000                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2136331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          365795521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         286192956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2979960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              20589184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          98593891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120962825                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     98593891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.544382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.544382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      593326366                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     182198701                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     132101226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        32942                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20344916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16638318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1982462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8398588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8022064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197342702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115466152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20344916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10114319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24195721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5765322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3454163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12133563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998396                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228731948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      204536227     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1314651      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2071687      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3300056      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1365494      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1521796      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1631180      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1061399      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11929458      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228731948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      195533628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5277385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24120687                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        61360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3738884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3336327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    140997542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3738884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      195833754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1682391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2728411                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23887605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       860899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    140917832                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        24768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       241676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       325404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40241                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    195636324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    655554992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    655554992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    167003783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28632529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19624                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2586836                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13420645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7217291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       218282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1647575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        140720250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35856                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133167642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17879993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39822174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3289                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228731948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172595002     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22522223      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12316083      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8405389      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7863439      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257523      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762694      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597209      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412386      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228731948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30970     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95652     38.57%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121352     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111554600     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107771      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16146      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12306297      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7182828      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133167642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247974                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495479180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158637538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131030145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    133415616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401662                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2398284                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          359                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3738884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116878                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140756243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13420645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7217291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2290320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131276324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11573154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1891318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18754201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18468784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7181047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            131031199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           131030145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        76609804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       200173367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98096859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120241656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20514747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2024546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224993064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176183027     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23639437     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9200189      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4958492      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3711961      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073091      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278968      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143934      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803965      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224993064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     98096859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120241656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18029184                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11022358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17260206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       108346609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2442621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2803965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          362944839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         285251914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3182301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22128550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          98096859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120241656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     98096859                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      591984318                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     181630007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     131508916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32536                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20653334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16899202                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8687596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115421785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20653334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10278050                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24112737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5500859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4719694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12181789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024710                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    231399432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207286695     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1131124      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1790030      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2421147      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2490033      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2105662      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1174408      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1748779      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11251554      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    231399432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      197093198                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6759069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24069874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        26210                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3451076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3398965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141656858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3451076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      197633772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1399075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4124755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23562471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1228278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141604774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       167818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       535539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    197609710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658725449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658725449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171574690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26035002                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18711                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3676236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13268540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7185808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1695100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141435090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35700                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       134433759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15448971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36819170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1683                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231399432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174494377     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23409854     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11863242      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8934830      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7017532      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834029      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790364      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931158      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124046      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231399432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25236     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81847     36.62%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116427     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113068259     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001835      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16865      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12184200      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7162600      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    134433759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.535891                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223510                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500508851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156920307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132408850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    134657269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       274077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1120440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141470933                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13268540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7185808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18712                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132513                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2312163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132569884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11465470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18627778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18846287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7162308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.528461                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132409072                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132408850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76011039                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204801140                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100017008                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123069803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18401149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34017                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2048664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227948356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177472724     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25012305     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9454262      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4504481      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3797452      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178917      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907004      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860574      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760637      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227948356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100017008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123069803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18236948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11146148                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17746877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110884391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2534265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2760637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          366657982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286393049                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3018561                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19461066                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100017008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123069803                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100017008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.508178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.508178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      596685479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184452893                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     131312603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19500956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17596979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1021680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7368726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6974104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45423                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206741253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122681287                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19500956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8052779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24258672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3207599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4968305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11866084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1026904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238128606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      213869934     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         865079      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1772312      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         744291      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4032789      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3586400      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         696804      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1455464      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11105533      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238128606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      205579061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6143226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24169095                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        77355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2159864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1711344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143851095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2159864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      205788565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4430744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1055723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24051297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       642406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143776455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       273659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       233113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3728                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    168803644                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    677208602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    677208602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    149817995                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       18985649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1619073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     33927346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17164969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       832410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143498510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       138008851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71806                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11004491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26348483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238128606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189110433     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14666001      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12046507      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5208678      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6602862      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6397506      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631027      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286074      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179518      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238128606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        348908     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2723294     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78899      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86569814     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205994      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8266      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33097147     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17127630     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    138008851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3151101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517369215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154523280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136833775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    141159952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1294822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102256                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2159864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4068241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143515331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33927346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17164969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8427                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           87                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596218                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       602094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1198312                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137045015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32985061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       963836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           50111358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17955036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17126297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            136838111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           136833775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73894406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       145558895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111200797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    130679632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12850088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1044130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235968742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188600265     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17271716      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8108371      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8019781      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180097      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9331470      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       697019      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508205      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251818      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235968742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    111200797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    130679632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             49695237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            32632524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17257009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116205744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1265881                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1251818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          378246306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         289219498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4533353                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12731892                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         111200797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           130679632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    111200797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.255924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.255924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      677531500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     158898865                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     171322953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19047841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17003093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1517568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12751100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12419543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46251                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201252555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108151809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19047841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13566871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24119290                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4966706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3062564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12173434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1489830                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231874986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207755696     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3673151      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1860085      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3633919      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1169562      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3364103      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         531677      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         857726      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9029067      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231874986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431123                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      198795573                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5565479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24071733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3422691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1803915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    121029566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        33782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3422691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199069713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3351861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1373677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23818768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       838269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    120856907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        94413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       671601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    158453076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    547804893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    547804893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    128629110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29823966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16291                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1816372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21755896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3550456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       806155                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        120234488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       112636018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21584581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44175313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231874986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182448898     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15636938      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16485231      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9585601      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945785      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237538      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472327      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34321      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28347      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231874986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189430     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77129     23.35%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63740     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88355639     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       886069      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8045      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19865365     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3520900      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    112636018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448999                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330299                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457550113                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141835712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109785560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    112966317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90315                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4415732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3422691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2264808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120250925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21755896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3550456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8245                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1608240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111205866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19579849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1430152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23100534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16903337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3520685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443298                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            109810351                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           109785560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66431054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       144830646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87468706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     98512812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21742920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16226                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1508014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228452295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191754852     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14431457      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9258371      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2918601      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831873      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943125      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599020      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548395      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3166601      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228452295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     87468706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     98512812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20810179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17340164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8096                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15111233                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        86102875                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1235185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3166601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345541101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         243936826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4465551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18985512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          87468706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            98512812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     87468706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.868003                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.868003                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      516853145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     143094765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128479578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16210                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22700795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18904496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2068311                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8956403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8325776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197778869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124560592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22700795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10771441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25971961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5740611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6804652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12280664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1977100                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234209124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208237163     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1592062      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2018728      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3203477      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1335585      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1722957      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2014063      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         917457      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13167632      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234209124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196622223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8072739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25848887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12065                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3653203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3450802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    152223036                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3653203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196820267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        634675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6887374                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25663269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       550330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    151286144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        79797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       383860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    211352824                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    703599446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    703599446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    177020416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34332403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19763                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1936730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14142688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7404212                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147729292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141801542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17813470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36123115                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2040                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234209124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174108655     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27431019     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11198962      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273740      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509311      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613305      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579669      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386108      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108355      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234209124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978008     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129905     10.52%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126451     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119469126     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939314      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17556      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12994481      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7381065      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141801542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234364                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519185095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165580896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138113711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143035906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2637061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          683                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92903                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        483911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147766749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14142688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7404212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53583                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          683                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232610                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2383346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139329499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12781888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2472043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20162512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19704035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7380624                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138113987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138113711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82755268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       222321373                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102987063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126904366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20862885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2086033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230555921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176841376     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27220716     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886401      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4925172      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501834      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894498      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870351      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891184      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524389      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230555921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    102987063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126904366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18816933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11505624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18394697                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       114255131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2620604                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2524389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375798068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         299187723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3000132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16651374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         102987063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126904366                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    102987063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.435845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.435845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      626967711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     193013122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140817632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20652290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16896929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8663221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2137160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92249                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199239274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115428622                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20652290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10276426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24105811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5502036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4728427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12187814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026227                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231524669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207418858     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1123582      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1783834      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2421378      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2489652      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2105486      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1177933      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1757877      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11246069      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231524669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082326                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      197215331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6769152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24063245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26154                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3450782                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3400256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    141677618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3450782                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      197751787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1396417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4136395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23559800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1229483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    141629911                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       167969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       535967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    197638988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    658840691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    658840691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171614925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26024063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18684                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3677656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13272589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7187246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84510                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1691390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        141474342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134483237                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18417                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15445856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36794885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1656                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231524669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174607299     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23412811     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11860912      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8935627      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7024445      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2837459      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790034      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932214      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123868      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231524669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25192     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81870     36.64%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116390     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113111919     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002052      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16869      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12188290      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7164107      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134483237                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500733012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156956424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132455285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    134706689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123818                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450782                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1118285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141510161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13272589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7187246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18687                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101159                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181385                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132523                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2313908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132615376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11466593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1867861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18630438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18850987                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7163845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132455521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132455285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76030179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       204874592                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100040497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123098722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18411473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2050133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228073887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177589358     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25017649     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9456031      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4502019      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3797570      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179607      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908739      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861107      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2761807      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228073887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100040497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123098722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18241248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11148771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16974                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17751040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110910459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2534864                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2761807                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          366821586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         286471231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3020885                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19335829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100040497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123098722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100040497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.507589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.507589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      596884232                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184512296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     131322449                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250860495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19045106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17000558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12760824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12419188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46186                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201234802                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            108135885                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19045106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13566513                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24117965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4974593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3052464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12175083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1492143                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231851312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207733347     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3672972      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1861053      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3633684      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1170281      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3363447      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         531447      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         857291      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9027790      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231851312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431060                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      198767451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5565651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24070691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3428217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1803912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17865                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    121016516                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        33705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3428217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199042847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3351879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1371009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23817052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       840301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    120843641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        93720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       674602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    158434062                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    547748813                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    547748813                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    128565899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29868163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1815332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     21757696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3548831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       806896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        120219248                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       112608846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21615537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44251497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231851312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182438762     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15634939      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16476141      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9581557      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4947613      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238390      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471262      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34204      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28444      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231851312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189312     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77319     23.41%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63712     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88334598     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885567      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19861773     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518868      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    112608846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457472271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141851431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109753329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    112939189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4424395                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          302                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80865                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3428217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2260683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120235688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21757696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2254                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          302                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1611028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111175804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19574919                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1433042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23093605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16898140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3518686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443178                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            109777986                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           109753329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        66411543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       144794452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87428037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     98465641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21774939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1510417                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228423095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191742902     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14425686      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9253992      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913040      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831605      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944385      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599404      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548566      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163515      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228423095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     87428037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     98465641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20801267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17333301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15104178                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        86061193                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1234469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3163515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          345499835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         243912058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4467656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19009183                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          87428037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            98465641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     87428037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.869337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.869337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      516705495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     143051225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128455300                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250860498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19036550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16992735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519369                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12753517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12412386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46249                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201161786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            108091684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19036550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13559215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24105255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4971434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3065352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12170317                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491575                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231775935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207670680     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3670445      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1858981      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3631010      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1170484      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3361526      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         531267      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         858142      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9023400      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231775935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      198718116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5554823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24057894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19452                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3425649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1803191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17864                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    120962917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        33747                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3425649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      198990779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3342297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1376493                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23806220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       834490                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    120790804                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        93713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       668804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    158365694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    547505401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    547505401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    128525974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29839687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8252                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1806888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     21746782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3547751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23368                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       806644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        120168381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16347                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       112563377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21597560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44213198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231775935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182382219     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15627300      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16473851      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9576627      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4946328      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1235666      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471105      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34490      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28349      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231775935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189314     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77189     23.37%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63746     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88299397     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885446      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8038      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19852613     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3517883      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    112563377                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.448709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457305609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141782585                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109712116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    112893626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2261700                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102672                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120184816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21746782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3547751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8248                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1610213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111134392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19568125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23085781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16891981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3517656                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.443013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            109736861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           109712116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        66384734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       144729622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.437343                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87399752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     98434417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21755258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1509833                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228350286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191682374     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14420664      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9251381      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2912554      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4828873      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943483      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599296      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548642      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163019      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228350286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     87399752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     98434417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20794136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17327100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8088                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15099294                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        86034109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1234129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3163019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          345376617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         243807696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4466487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19084563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          87399752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            98434417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     87399752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.870266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.870266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348400                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348400                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      516513601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     143000233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128403897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         312223                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.570201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2070283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         344989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.001012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           256.441709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.100544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1247.715835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.479062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1628.973268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.159697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1759.093189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.301283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1026.814507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.607476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1635.054267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.985205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1796.381581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.117986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2738.126345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.973513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1734.380159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.263515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2305.903298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.107299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1246.206653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.993365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2738.392052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.969286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1625.206259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.789714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   991.957676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.806471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1227.297285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.553868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1610.477268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.551301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1626.473568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           299.178764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           342.867124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           342.118879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           265.035264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           353.776102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           369.800970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           362.925722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           351.783856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           432.892957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           308.586406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           343.326255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           365.872311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           307.805512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           359.895164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           364.348126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           349.702284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.038077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.053683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.049898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.054821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.083561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.052929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.070371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.038031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.083569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.049597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.030272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.037454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.013211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        24995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  552706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           165400                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                165400                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1959                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   554665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25202                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  554665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                312076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 312106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                312106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5885290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2322311770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5203162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3171010634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5790099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3270121698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1826838486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5293721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3132220338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5859870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3103467609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6218763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5183499047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6079759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3258906453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5919230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4609465128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5652128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2324345291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6358021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5303296618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5160451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3097536265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1773734937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2243391709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5095561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3100114222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5153601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3155752031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50967381714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       971812                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       945027                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       578855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       811830                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       429151                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       496906                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       638671                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4872252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5885290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2322311770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5203162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3171010634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5790099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3271093510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1826838486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5293721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3132220338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5859870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3104412636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6218763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5184077902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6079759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3259718283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5919230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4609465128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5652128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2324345291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6358021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5303725769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5160451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3098033171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1773734937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2243391709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5095561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3100752893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5153601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3155752031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      50972253966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5885290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2322311770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5203162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3171010634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5790099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3271093510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6156462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1826838486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5293721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3132220338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5859870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3104412636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6218763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5184077902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6079759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3259718283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5919230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4609465128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5652128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2324345291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6358021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5303725769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5160451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3098033171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1773734937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6230965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2243391709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5095561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3100752893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5153601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3155752031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     50972253966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              864782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       165400                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            165400                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               866771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        55458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              866771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.360872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.360079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.360079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147132.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 162877.806845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153034.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162482.610883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152371.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164526.147011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153911.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164328.369704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155697.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162535.433449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158374.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164596.531901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155469.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162890.423198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151993.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164691.047756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151775.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164008.721864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148740.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163272.358176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151381.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162867.656102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151777.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162685.728204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164189.108303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151974.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163167.627391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149869.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162369.152150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151576.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162793.501728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163317.210276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161968.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 157504.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 192951.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       162366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 143050.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 165635.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159667.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162408.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 162877.806845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153034.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162482.610883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152371.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164525.375214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153911.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164328.369704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155697.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162535.433449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158374.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164594.275807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155469.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162893.256936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151993.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164690.460415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151775.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164008.721864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148740.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163272.358176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151381.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162865.830462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151777.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162686.192879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164189.108303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151974.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163167.627391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149869.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162368.586322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151576.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162793.501728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163317.122920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 162877.806845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153034.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162482.610883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152371.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164525.375214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153911.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164328.369704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155697.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162535.433449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158374.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164594.275807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155469.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162893.256936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151993.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164690.460415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151775.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164008.721864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148740.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163272.358176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151381.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162865.830462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151777.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162686.192879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164189.108303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151974.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163167.627391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149869.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162368.586322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151576.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162793.501728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163317.122920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                86087                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     86087                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           312076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            312106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           312106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3555768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1492067685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3227046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2034219273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3579281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2112607512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3831571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1179454683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009707868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3709642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2005442383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3331246474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3755634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2106472888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3647833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2972866316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3442953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1495387392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3915631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3407890817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3184913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1988385834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1144684893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3849368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442737659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3121664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1987902430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3176251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2026576811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32794139660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       623275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       596427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       404196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       521516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       254398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       321435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       405981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3127228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3555768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1492067685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3227046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2034219273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3579281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2113230787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3831571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1179454683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009707868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3709642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2006038810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3331650670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3755634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2106994404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3647833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2972866316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3442953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1495387392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3915631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3408145215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3184913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1988707269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1144684893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3849368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442737659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3121664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1988308411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3176251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2026576811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32797266888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3555768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1492067685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3227046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2034219273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3579281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2113230787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3831571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1179454683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3319758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009707868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3709642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2006038810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3895426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3331650670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3755634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2106994404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3647833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2972866316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3442953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1495387392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3915631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3408145215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3184913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1988707269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1144684893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3849368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442737659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3121664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1988308411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3176251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2026576811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32797266888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.307848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.357830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.299235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.360079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.306093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.340513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.395023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.404047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.336276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.356322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88894.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104647.754594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94913.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104233.412226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94191.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106289.369692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95789.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106094.691284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104286.641482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100260.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106361.303792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97385.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104683.755704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93890.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106452.035981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93534.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105777.132752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90604.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105042.665917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93229.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104658.522726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93673.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104432.029097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105959.908636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93887.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104934.006764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91813.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104116.819253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93419.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104543.554862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105083.824645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103879.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99404.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       134732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104303.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84799.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       107145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101495.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104240.933333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88894.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104647.754594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94913.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104233.412226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94191.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106288.642340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95789.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106094.691284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104286.641482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100260.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106359.090716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97385.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104686.588217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93890.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106451.493154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93534.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105777.132752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90604.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105042.665917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93229.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104656.693229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93673.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104432.456493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105959.908636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93887.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104934.006764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91813.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104116.270147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93419.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104543.554862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105083.743626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 88894.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104647.754594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94913.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104233.412226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94191.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106288.642340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95789.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106094.691284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97639.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104286.641482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100260.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106359.090716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97385.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104686.588217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93890.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106451.493154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93534.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105777.132752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90604.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105042.665917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93229.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104656.693229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93673.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104432.456493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105959.908636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93887.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104934.006764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91813.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104116.270147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93419.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104543.554862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105083.743626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.870520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012190478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1954035.671815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.870520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.067100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12182382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12182382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12182382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12182382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8034248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8034248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8034248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8034248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8034248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8034248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12182434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12182434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12182434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12182434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154504.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154504.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154504.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154504.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154504.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154504.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6688809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6688809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6688809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155553.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155553.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155553.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155553.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155553.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155553.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166568282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.997131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.148057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.851943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8382304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16193107246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16193107246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75648827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75648827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16268756073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16268756073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16268756073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16268756073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8513000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123899.027101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123899.027101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86062.374289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86062.374289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123646.255542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123646.255542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123646.255542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123646.255542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        89974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4240847987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4240847987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9962529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9962529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4250810516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4250810516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4250810516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4250810516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104141.446565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104141.446565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66416.860000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66416.860000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104002.997553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104002.997553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104002.997553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104002.997553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.548766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              932313148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1658920.192171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.429593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.119173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12168116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12168116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12168116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12168116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12168116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12168116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7329024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7329024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7329024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7329024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7329024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7329024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12168159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12168159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12168159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12168159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12168159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12168159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170442.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170442.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170442.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6073558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6073558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6073558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173530.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173530.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173530.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173530.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173530.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173530.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                54334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224685548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                54590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4115.873750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.413811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.586189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.794585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.205415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17861954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17861954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3449512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3449512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21311466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21311466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21311466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21311466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       188956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       189301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       189301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       189301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       189301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21683462767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21683462767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     29700608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29700608                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21713163375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21713163375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21713163375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21713163375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18050910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18050910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3449857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3449857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21500767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21500767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21500767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21500767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114754.031452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114754.031452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86088.718841                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86088.718841                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114701.789082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114701.789082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114701.789082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114701.789082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5706920644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5706920644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4739211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4739211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5711659855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5711659855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5711659855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5711659855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105173.429730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105173.429730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65822.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65822.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105121.284187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105121.284187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105121.284187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105121.284187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.535939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1013313577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1944939.687140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.535939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11989426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11989426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11989426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11989426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11989426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11989426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7883763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7883763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7883763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7883763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7883763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7883763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11989475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11989475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11989475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11989475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11989475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11989475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160893.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160893.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160893.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6407652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6407652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164298.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164298.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164298.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164298.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172636851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3091.578786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.029853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.970147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8458714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8458714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7156091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7156091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15614805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15614805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15614805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15614805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       189785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3750                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       193535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       193535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       193535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       193535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24738361398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24738361398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    472680089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472680089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25211041487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25211041487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25211041487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25211041487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8648499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8648499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7159841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16467                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15808340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15808340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15808340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15808340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130349.402735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130349.402735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126048.023733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126048.023733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130266.057752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130266.057752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130266.057752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130266.057752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       137950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137950                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5871333157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5871333157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11344839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11344839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5882677996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5882677996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5882677996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5882677996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105931.027983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105931.027983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 71351.188679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71351.188679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105832.112908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105832.112908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105832.112908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105832.112908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.874588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015375368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2043008.788732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.874588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12275928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12275928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12275928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12275928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12275928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12275928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8764095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8764095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8764095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8764095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8764095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8764095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12275981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12275981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12275981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12275981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12275981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12275981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165360.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165360.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165360.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165360.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165360.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165360.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7133770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7133770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7133770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7133770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7133770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7133770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169851.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169851.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169851.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169851.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169851.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169851.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164334676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4493.087519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.433577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.566423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9789198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9789198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7272243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7272243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17061441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17061441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17061441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17061441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        93209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        95298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        95298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10149526274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10149526274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139252499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139252499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10288778773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10288778773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10288778773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10288778773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9882407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9882407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7274332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17687                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17156739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17156739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17156739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17156739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108889.981375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108889.981375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66659.884634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66659.884634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107964.267592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107964.267592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107964.267592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107964.267592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       138124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34531                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3607271916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3607271916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15683509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15683509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3622955425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622955425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3622955425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622955425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99891.224967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99891.224967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75765.743961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75765.743961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99753.721881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99753.721881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99753.721881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99753.721881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.824933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              932316133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1658925.503559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.666315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.158618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12171101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12171101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12171101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12171101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12171101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7198520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7198520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7198520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7198520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7198520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7198520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12171143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12171143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12171143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171393.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171393.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171393.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171393.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171393.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171393.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6057464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6057464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6057464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6057464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173070.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173070.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173070.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                54358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              224694460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                54614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4114.228220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.225101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.774899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.789942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.210058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17869152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17869152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3451220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21320372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       21320372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21320372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      21320372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       189532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       189532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21651482089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21651482089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32421287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32421287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21683903376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21683903376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21683903376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21683903376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18058325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18058325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3451579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21509904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21509904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21509904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21509904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114453.342121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114453.342121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90309.991643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90309.991643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114407.611253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114407.611253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114407.611253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114407.611253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       135174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5687998566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5687998566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5051232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5693049798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5693049798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5693049798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5693049798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104780.299641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104780.299641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69194.958904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69194.958904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104732.510357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104732.510357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104732.510357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104732.510357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.799248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013327872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1948707.446154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.799248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.058973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12003721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12003721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12003721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12003721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12003721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12003721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8153788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8153788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8153788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8153788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8153788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8153788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12003769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12003769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12003769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12003769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12003769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12003769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169870.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169870.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169870.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169870.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169870.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169870.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6542845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6542845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6542845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6542845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6542845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6542845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172180.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172180.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172180.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172180.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172180.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172180.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172647380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3102.601804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.988310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.011690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8465608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8465608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7159780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7159780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15625388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15625388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15625388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15625388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       189254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       193038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       193038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24561545160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24561545160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    482558767                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482558767                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25044103927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25044103927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25044103927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25044103927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8654862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8654862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7163564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7163564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15818426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15818426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15818426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15818426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129780.850920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129780.850920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 127526.101216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127526.101216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129736.652509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129736.652509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129736.652509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129736.652509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5748029349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5748029349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11320855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11320855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5759350204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5759350204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5759350204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5759350204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104072.519944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104072.519944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71200.345912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71200.345912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103978.158585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103978.158585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103978.158585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103978.158585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.826781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1042830892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1785669.335616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.814699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.012083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11874127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11874127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11874127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11874127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11874127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11874127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8330313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8330313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8330313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8330313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8330313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8330313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11874178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11874178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11874178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11874178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11874178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11874178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163339.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163339.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163339.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6788791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6788791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6788791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165580.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165580.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165580.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165580.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165580.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165580.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                80565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              450348120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                80821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5572.167135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.899536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.100464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31138567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31138567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17053924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17053924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48192491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       48192491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48192491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      48192491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       285949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       285949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34264419626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34264419626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24140219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24140219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34288559845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34288559845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34288559845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34288559845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     31424260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31424260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17054180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17054180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     48478440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48478440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     48478440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48478440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119934.403804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119934.403804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94297.730469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94297.730469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119911.452200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119911.452200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119911.452200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119911.452200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           13591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       205206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       205384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       205384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8910395302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8910395302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5971324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5971324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8916366626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8916366626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8916366626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8916366626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110706.018388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110706.018388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 76555.435897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76555.435897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110672.955080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110672.955080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110672.955080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110672.955080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.836558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013314689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1937504.185468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.703510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   481.133048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.771047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11990538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11990538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11990538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11990538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11990538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11990538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8168037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8168037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8168037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8168037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8168037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8168037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11990587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11990587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11990587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11990587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11990587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11990587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166694.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166694.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166694.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166694.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166694.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166694.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6698398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6698398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6698398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163375.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163375.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163375.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163375.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163375.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163375.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                55458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172641934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                55714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3098.717270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.987186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.012814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8460765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8460765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7159215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7159215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16471                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15619980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15619980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15619980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15619980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       189256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       193024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       193024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       193024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       193024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  24676600819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24676600819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    472742481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472742481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25149343300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25149343300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25149343300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25149343300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8650021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8650021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7162983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15813004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15813004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15813004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15813004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130387.416087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130387.416087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125462.441879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125462.441879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130291.276214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130291.276214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 130291.276214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130291.276214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        59708                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        59708                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       137566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       137566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        55458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5854908642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854908642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11183941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11183941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5866092583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866092583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5866092583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5866092583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105875.382315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105875.382315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70784.436709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70784.436709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105775.408111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105775.408111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105775.408111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105775.408111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              528.869894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1017908837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1920582.711321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.869894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12133512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12133512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12133512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12133512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12133512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12133512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7892581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7892581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7892581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7892581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7892581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7892581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12133563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12133563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12133563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12133563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12133563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12133563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154756.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154756.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154756.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154756.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154756.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154756.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6426940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6426940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6426940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6426940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6426940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6426940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160673.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160673.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160673.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                71451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              181288349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                71707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2528.182032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.152883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.847117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8417302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8417302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6973131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6973131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15390433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15390433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15390433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15390433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       180571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       181393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       181393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21892648814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21892648814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     69369985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69369985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21962018799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21962018799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21962018799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21962018799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8597873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8597873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6973953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6973953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15571826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15571826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15571826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15571826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121241.222644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121241.222644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84391.709246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84391.709246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121074.235494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121074.235494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121074.235494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121074.235494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       109255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       109942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       109942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       109942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       109942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7800310736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7800310736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8852963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8852963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7809163699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7809163699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7809163699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7809163699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109376.728027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109376.728027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65577.503704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65577.503704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109293.973478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109293.973478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109293.973478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109293.973478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              515.286381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012189836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1961608.209302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.286381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12181740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12181740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12181740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12181740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12181740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7933960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7933960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7933960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7933960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7933960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7933960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12181789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12181789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12181789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161917.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161917.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161917.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161917.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6655571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6655571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6655571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6655571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6655571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6655571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       162331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       162331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       162331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                40879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166569894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4049.347125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.147885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.852115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.910734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.089266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8382654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7057274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7057274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18579                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18579                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15439928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15439928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15439928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15439928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       130871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       131749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       131749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16216400018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16216400018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     75655522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75655522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16292055540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16292055540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16292055540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16292055540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8513525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7058152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7058152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18579                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18579                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15571677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15571677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15571677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15571677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123911.332671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123911.332671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86168.020501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86168.020501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123659.804173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123659.804173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123659.804173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123659.804173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4243613703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243613703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10004341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10004341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4253618044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4253618044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4253618044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4253618044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104191.453338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104191.453338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66695.606667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66695.606667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104053.867365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104053.867365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104053.867365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104053.867365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              582.546627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1042822794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1779561.081911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.495840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.050786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.066500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11866029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11866029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11866029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11866029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11866029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11866029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8663780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8663780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8663780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8663780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11866084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11866084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11866084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11866084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11866084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11866084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157523.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157523.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157523.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157523.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157523.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157523.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7101736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7101736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7101736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165156.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165156.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165156.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165156.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165156.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165156.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                80597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              450328036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                80853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5569.713381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.899611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.100389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31127342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31127342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17045574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17045574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48172916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       48172916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48172916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      48172916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       285368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       285628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       285628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       285628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       285628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34465184300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34465184300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23915590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23915590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34489099890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34489099890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34489099890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34489099890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     31412710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31412710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17045834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17045834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48458544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48458544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48458544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48458544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120774.523773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120774.523773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91983.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91983.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120748.315606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120748.315606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120748.315606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120748.315606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           13511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8992562324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8992562324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5826778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5826778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8998389102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8998389102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8998389102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8998389102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111682.488903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111682.488903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74702.282051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74702.282051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111646.700274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111646.700274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111646.700274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111646.700274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.955588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              932318424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658929.580071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.836465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.119124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12173392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12173392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12173392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12173392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12173392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6858332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6858332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6858332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6858332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6858332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6858332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12173434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12173434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12173434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163293.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163293.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163293.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163293.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163293.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163293.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5926372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5926372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5926372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5926372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5926372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5926372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169324.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169324.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169324.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169324.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169324.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169324.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                54393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224701461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4111.721367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   203.057971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    52.942029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.793195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.206805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17874065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17874065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3453300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3453300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8105                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8105                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21327365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21327365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21327365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21327365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       189913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       189913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21563499209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21563499209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31542033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31542033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21595041242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21595041242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21595041242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21595041242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18063650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18063650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3453628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3453628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21517278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21517278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21517278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21517278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113740.534372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113740.534372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96164.734756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96164.734756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113710.179093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113710.179093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113710.179093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113710.179093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5668208364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668208364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5107052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5107052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5673315416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5673315416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5673315416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5673315416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104340.776894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104340.776894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74015.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74015.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104302.307576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104302.307576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104302.307576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104302.307576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.394014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015380057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2063780.603659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.394014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12280617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12280617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12280617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12280617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12280617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12280617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12280664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12280664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12280664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12280664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12280664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12280664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164333111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4494.150604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.434402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.565598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9786367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9786367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7273483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17059850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17059850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17059850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17059850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9959868195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9959868195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    138905735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138905735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10098773930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10098773930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10098773930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10098773930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9879437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9879437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7275567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17155004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17155004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17155004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17155004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107014.808155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107014.808155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66653.423704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66653.423704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106130.839797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106130.839797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106130.839797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106130.839797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       100959                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 16826.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        56968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3571952197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3571952197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15872099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15872099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3587824296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3587824296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3587824296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3587824296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98940.562767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98940.562767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76308.168269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76308.168269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98810.914239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98810.914239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98810.914239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98810.914239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.004334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012195855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1954046.052124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.004334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12187759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12187759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12187759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12187759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12187759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12187759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8611797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8611797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8611797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8611797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8611797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8611797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12187814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12187814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12187814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12187814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12187814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12187814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156578.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156578.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156578.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156578.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156578.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156578.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7076327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7076327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7076327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7076327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164565.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164565.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164565.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164565.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164565.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164565.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                40886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166574914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4048.780176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.150571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.849429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.910744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.089256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8386019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8386019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7058956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7058956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15444975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15444975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15444975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15444975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       130848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       131714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       131714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       131714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       131714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16048637057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16048637057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     75074247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75074247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16123711304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16123711304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16123711304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16123711304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8516867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8516867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7059822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7059822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15576689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15576689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15576689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15576689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122650.992426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122650.992426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86690.816397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86690.816397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122414.559606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122414.559606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122414.559606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122414.559606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        90828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4190619447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4190619447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9932313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9932313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4200551760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4200551760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4200551760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4200551760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102870.104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102870.104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66659.818792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66659.818792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102738.144108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102738.144108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102738.144108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102738.144108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.706889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              932320072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1658932.512456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.548280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.158609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12175040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12175040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6969308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6969308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6969308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6969308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6969308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6969308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162076.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162076.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162076.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162076.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162076.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162076.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5829301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5829301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5829301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5829301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5829301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5829301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166551.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166551.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166551.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166551.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166551.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166551.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                54348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224697601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                54604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4115.039210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   203.019322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    52.980678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.793044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.206956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17872259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17872259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3451237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21323496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21323496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21323496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21323496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       189587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       189587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21512583653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21512583653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34520739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34520739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21547104392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21547104392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21547104392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21547104392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18061494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18061494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21513083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21513083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21513083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21513083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113681.843491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113681.843491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98070.281250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98070.281250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113652.858012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113652.858012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113652.858012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113652.858012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5662879044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5662879044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5344551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5344551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5668223595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668223595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5668223595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668223595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104334.863365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104334.863365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74229.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74229.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104294.980404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104294.980404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104294.980404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104294.980404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.152286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              932315308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1658924.035587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.076835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.075451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12170276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12170276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12170276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12170276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12170276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12170276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7144037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7144037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7144037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7144037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7144037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7144037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12170317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12170317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12170317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12170317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12170317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12170317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174244.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174244.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174244.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174244.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174244.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174244.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6197717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6197717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6197717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6197717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177077.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177077.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177077.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177077.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 177077.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177077.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                54403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224689918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                54659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4110.757936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.210570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    53.789430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.789885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.210115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17865513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17865513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3450311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3450311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21315824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21315824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21315824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21315824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       189699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       189699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       189699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       189699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21648365390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21648365390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30903891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30903891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21679269281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21679269281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21679269281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21679269281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18054861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18054861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3450662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3450662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8099                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21505523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21505523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21505523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21505523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114331.101411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114331.101411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88045.273504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88045.273504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114282.464752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114282.464752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114282.464752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114282.464752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        54331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        54403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5705602221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5705602221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4856918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4856918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5710459139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710459139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5710459139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710459139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105015.593694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105015.593694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67457.194444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67457.194444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104965.886789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104965.886789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104965.886789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104965.886789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
