
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   510088                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 295881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67754884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40028.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15962261952                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20418215600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       448128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       406144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       408448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       403584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4302976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1139328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1139328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8901                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37836524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     34291714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20760915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       313413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21636310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       399872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34486246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34075567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               363310604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       313413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       399872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6073729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96196201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96196201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96196201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37836524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       443101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     34291714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20760915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       313413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21636310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       399872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34486246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34075567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              459506805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205153     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084411     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412056     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1935494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1746316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       733775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4488                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20510997                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12166169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1935494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       795804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2404671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        327073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2722749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1178735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25859400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23454729     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          85369      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175530      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          73699      0.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         398390      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         355828      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          68897      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         144692      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1102266      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25859400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20299973                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2935365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2395699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       220730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       169860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14265145                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1558                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       220730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20327873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2717768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       123020                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2378198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        91804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14256352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        46321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          885                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16749445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67136586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67136586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14805803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1943635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          215607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3359148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1697057                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        83332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14225846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13657023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1128903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2725316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25859400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20957479     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1494964      5.78%     86.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210900      4.68%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523026      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       655014      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619742      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352920      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27945      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17410      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25859400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34379     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262604     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8572705     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119221      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          817      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3271673     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1692607     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13657023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304644                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53486011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15356782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13538675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13961667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1207                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       220730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2649011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25994                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14227533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3359148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697057                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       121267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13560535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3260901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4953326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1776071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1692425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.477444                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13539117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13538675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7317199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14455016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.476674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10988288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12912648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316341                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       105577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25638670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20937874     81.67%     81.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1730141      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805984      3.14%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792147      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218749      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907460      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69089      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50540      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126686      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25638670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10988288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12912648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4909806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3224085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1704875                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11482675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       125025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       126686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39740934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28678738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                442244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2542985                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10988288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12912648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10988288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.584787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.584787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.386879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.386879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67028842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15730424                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      16973236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2201549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       897571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9817                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21154334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12312932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2201549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1089719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2568782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        593321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1129927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1296182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25229334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22660552     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         120229      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         189795      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         256897      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         264754      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         224095      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         124056      0.49%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         185398      0.73%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1203558      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25229334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433518                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20939912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1348442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2563820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         3075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       362127                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15106616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20998003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        178755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1036801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2509529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       132161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15100130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        19273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        56859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21071347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70243680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70243680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     18218034                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2853303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          396511                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1414639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       765012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       235362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15079351                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1696435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4074235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25229334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19139078     75.86%     75.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2533220     10.04%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1277284      5.06%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       936222      3.71%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       738943      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301280      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191148      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98824      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25229334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2752     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9135     37.65%     48.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12377     51.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12029834     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213630      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296223      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762484      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.503618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53863815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16779554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14085380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14328226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       374083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        147074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15083081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1414639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       765012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       123015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       247328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14103338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219394                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1981812                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2003938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           762418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.496555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14085499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14085380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8088786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        21798292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.495922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13068971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2014125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       218659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24855251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19458859     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2691318     10.83%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001324      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478434      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       423749      1.70%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231890      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190190      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91779      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287708      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24855251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10620598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13068971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1936890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1183798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1884739                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11774915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       269174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       287708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39650561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30540303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                322341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3173051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10620598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13068971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10620598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.674274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.674274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.373933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.373933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63470808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19621532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14003288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28401682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2200644                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21164208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12304356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2200644                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1090883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2567200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        592722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1133297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1296419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25238342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22671142     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         119738      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         190064      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         256754      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         264307      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         224554      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         124918      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         185264      0.73%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1201601      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25238342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433226                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20948149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1351484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2562413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       361961                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15095429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21006055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        177555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1041559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2508141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       131658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15088796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21054726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70190406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70190406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18218649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2835984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1956                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          395135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       764270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       174950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15068953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14300370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685180                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041213                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25238342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19193679     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2480221      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259305      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       953104      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747648      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300902      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190842      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99055      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13586      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25238342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2771     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8731     36.56%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12382     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12026967     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213381      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296552      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761679      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14300370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53865287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16757960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14324254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11137                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        145848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13025                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15072745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       247264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14099366                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1980784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2003387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           761611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14081396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14081271                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8085261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21787558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13069467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       218774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24864970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19505437     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655192     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004668      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       479267      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400325      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231463      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204708      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91005      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292905      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24864970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10620977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13069467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1936981                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1183855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1884826                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11775374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       269195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       292905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39644665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30518829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                322534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3163340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13069467                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10620977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.674112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.674112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63456895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19615822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13993545                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2196144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21130359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12283332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2196144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2562587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        591347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1144230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1294213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25209795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22647208     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         119416      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         189537      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         256288      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         263509      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         223549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         125803      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         185701      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1198784      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25209795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20913829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1362861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       361347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15070293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20971983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        182958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1046930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2503279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       132285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15063825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        56878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70078715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70078715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18185718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2833215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          395999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1410917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       763366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       174432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15043958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1686007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25209795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19176296     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2476416      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256200      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950049      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746784      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301384      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190010      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99279      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25209795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2609     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8730     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12588     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12005125     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1294336      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       760774      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53786092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16733777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14057382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        150987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1410917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1216534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1977239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1999423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           760705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14057508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14057382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8070208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21752507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10601751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13045686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       218422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24837437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19489117     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2648746     10.66%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003354      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400327      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       230968      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204231      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90954      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292560      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24837437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10601751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13045686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1933423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1181671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11753949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       268687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       292560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39592537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30467856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                321818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3192590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13045686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.679028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.679028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63348620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19581445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13969842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1993882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19335391                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11317451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1993882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       987315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2369248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        574394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       956802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1191050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23034731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20665483     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         128714      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201954      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         322036      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133094      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         149100      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         159918      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         104034      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1170398      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23034731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19149665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1144298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2361657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       326410                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13816321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19180523                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        219508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       836365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2337486                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13805712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        23685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        32780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19162475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64215422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64215422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16307639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2854836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          262403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       707316                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       160483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13784507                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13028418                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1775644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3983003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          413                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23034731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17540548     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206211      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204869      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822624      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768820      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220021      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172622      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58648      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40368      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23034731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3112     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9503     38.93%     51.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11794     48.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10913953     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206110      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1204204      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702573      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13028418                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.458709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49133086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15563896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12815286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13052827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        136871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13788127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707316                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2006                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113470                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       227214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12840452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1834816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1806212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           702230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.452091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12815500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12815286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7494093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19576542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.451205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9579363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11741935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2046262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       200724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22661716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17893842     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2309288     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899320      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       485286      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361034      1.59%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202230      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125670      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111525      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273521      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22661716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9579363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11741935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1761008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1076462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1685385                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10580526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       238586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       273521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36176327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27949445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                315496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               5367654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9579363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11741935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9579363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.964955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.964955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.337273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.337273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57900319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17764301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12886661                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1933708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307286                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20529279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10994941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1933708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1390326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2451662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        510450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       875277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1242652                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24210938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21759276     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         379800      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184145      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         374119      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         114778      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         348480      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53083      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86156      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         911101      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24210938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20336354                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1073250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2446574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2002                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177954                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12260206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20358802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        694364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       308695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2424106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        72208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12240719                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        55426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15998862                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55412955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55412955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12936598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3062233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          165019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       348368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12176078                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11387801                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7465                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224864                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4578973                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24210938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19216433     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1549660      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701053      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974026      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494629      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124333      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144629      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3398      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2777      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24210938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18568     57.06%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7732     23.76%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6244     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8906001     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86609      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049368     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345036      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11387801                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.400945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47026544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14402575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11097127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11420345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        612735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12177684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11245355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2365597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1712489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           345004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.395930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11099941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11097127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6724640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14498664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.390711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       153740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23858181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20177810     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433472      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933307      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290760      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491638      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93363      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59297      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53656      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324878      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23858181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8856243                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9936131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2125306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1785881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1527807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8672585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120846                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       324878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35711458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24709404                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                462738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4191447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8856243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9936131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8856243                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.207047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.207047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52331184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14423785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13079155                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2075402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856357                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9061                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19850371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11809400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2075402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1023036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2597462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        586141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2004181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1225294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24828830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22231368     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280371      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         324999      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         178760      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         208239      0.84%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         113147      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77536      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200529      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1213881      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24828830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19686931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2171105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2576518                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336459                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14418214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19717934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        463390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1620794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2565975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        86063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14408287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20017232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67096537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67096537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17047140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2970092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3849                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          234193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       749679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       165361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13575216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4246574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24828830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19107055     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2304067      9.28%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235016      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855324      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747625      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383242      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91600      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60373      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44528      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24828830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3285     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13046     44.00%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13319     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11360578     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212301      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257363      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743314      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13575216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52027579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16214615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13345706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13604866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          317                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        425942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118692                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       234608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13371871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1922838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1869754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           743090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13345981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13345706                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7934475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20788548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12284189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2101237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       206781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24454162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19434245     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2328319      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       976776      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584801      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406328      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261378      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136777      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109253      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216285      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24454162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10012637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12284189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1861612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1130156                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757987                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11074808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       249924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       216285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38623238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29145532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                307347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3573555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10012637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12284189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10012637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.836654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.836654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.352528                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.352528                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60322354                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18520835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13452654                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1935008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20548168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11002172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1935008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1390934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2453160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        511080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       884407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1243752                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24240854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21787694     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         379844      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         184381      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         374342      1.54%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         114914      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         348489      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          53096      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          86428      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         911666      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24240854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20354721                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1082926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2448069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1982                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       353155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       178149                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1964                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12268287                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       353155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20377205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        711431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       301127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2425515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        72415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12248668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        55639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16009554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     55449365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     55449365                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12945801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3063753                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          164876                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       348859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        79465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12184421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7611                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2226470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4583162                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24240854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19242813     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551434      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701805      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973976      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495767      2.05%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123980      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144863      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3425      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2791      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24240854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18648     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7735     23.71%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6244     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8912326     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86700      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050195     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345412      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47071934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14412527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11104598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9045                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       353155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        629386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8613                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12186026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       164033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11253436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2367202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1713722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           345376                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11107485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11104598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6728626                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14506813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.390974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861613                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9942798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243735                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       153966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23887699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20204419     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434876      6.01%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933927      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291042      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491990      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93403      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59314      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53741      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324987      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23887699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8861613                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9942798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2126309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1786495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1528794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8678578                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       120989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       324987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35749219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24726483                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                463283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4161531                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8861613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9942798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8861613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.205103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.205103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.312002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.312002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       52366902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14434000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13087237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2455169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21361520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13465110                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2455169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1161547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2806958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        627454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2014618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1328262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26586755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23779797     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         172020      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         216636      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         345406      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         144965      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         186239      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         216489      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          99631      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1425572      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26586755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21239005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2152536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2793669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       373845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16463185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21260796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         69003                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2023461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2773230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        60098                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16362760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        41704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22848804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     76089563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     76089563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19093082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3755718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          211082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536038                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       800875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       179839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15976089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15316029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26586755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20098467     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958071     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210115      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678507      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918347      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283342      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279017      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149105      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11784      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26586755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105788     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12902197     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209148      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404648      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798143      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15316029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539252                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133959                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57368707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17940540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14915136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         52787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15980066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536038                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       259109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15048177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2179045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2127889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           798014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14915256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14915136                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8935083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        24005509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11108030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       226675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26186594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20393003     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936093     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066938      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529854      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486246      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204045      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202194      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96071      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272150      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26186594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11108030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13687601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2029630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1240974                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1983950                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12323292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       282631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       272150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41894399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32360337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                326617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1815630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11108030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13687601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11108030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.556924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.556924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67706080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20839843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15221105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2458024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939565                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21387131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13480675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2458024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1162925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2810225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        628217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1978450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1329855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23772811     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         172220      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         216889      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         345814      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         145129      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         186469      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         216737      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          99769      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1427198      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21267537                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2116549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2796915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       374298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16482251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21289358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         69122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1987280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2776446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        60176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16381671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        41753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22875169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     76177459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     76177459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19115259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3759907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          211331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       801810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       180054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15994701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15333895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1962605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4010111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20087160     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2961531     11.14%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211546      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679281      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919448      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283670      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149295      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11796      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105909     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13703     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12917241     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209390      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406296      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799073      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15333895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.539881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57400892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17961371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14932525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15468009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295409                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12238                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         52878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15998682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       259422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15065717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2181587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2130387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           798944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.530438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14932644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14932525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8945459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        24033134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.525749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13703530                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       226951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20382025     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2939543     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068157      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530501      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486805      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204286      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202431      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96194      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272447      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11120932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13703530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2031995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1242423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1986266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12337653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       282972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       272447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41908602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          32398144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                327022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1819349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13703530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.553957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.553957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67784931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      20864113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15238730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1989757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1627515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782238                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19301468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11294216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1989757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       986118                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2365069                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        573726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       957071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1189290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22996261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20631192     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         128673      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         201874      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         321257      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         133191      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         149169      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         159556      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         103783      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1167566      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22996261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070056                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.397650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19116898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1143452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2357423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6110                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       372377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       325782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13787753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       372377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19147439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        239335                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       816808                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2333580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86709                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13777597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        23738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        32515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5161                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19122838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64086032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64086032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16274518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2848320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1943                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          260455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       705820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       160589                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13755546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13001562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1770933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3971858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22996261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17512982     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2202176      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202921      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       820306      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766849      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219988      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172158      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58706      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40175      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22996261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3079     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9419     38.80%     51.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11775     48.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10891371     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205717      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1201862      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701038      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13001562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.457763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24273                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49040615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15530168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12789162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13025835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       372377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        170397                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13759103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       705820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       226874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12814198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1830962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1802410                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           700691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.451166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12789364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12789162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7479383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19538165                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.450285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9559961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11718150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2041040                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3178                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       200684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22623884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17865201     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2304816     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       897918      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483896      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360678      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201955      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125415      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111207      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272798      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22623884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9559961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11718150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1757482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1074318                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1681965                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10559109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       238107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       272798                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36110211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27890798                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                315130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               5406124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9559961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11718150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9559961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.970973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.970973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57783370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17728146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12860170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28399265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1994911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1631754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         784721                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8829                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19363967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11320864                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1994911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       989266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2371239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        575670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       970837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1193107                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23079851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20708612     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         129206      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         202640      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         321935      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         133865      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         149325      0.65%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         159756      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         104233      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1170279      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23079851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19178787                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1157819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2363637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6076                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       373531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       326605                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13821435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       373531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19209277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        257572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       811572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2339866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        88020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13811378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        23877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        32397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19170519                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     64244741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     64244741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16315672                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2854635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          260102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       707547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       160631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13789953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13034190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1775715                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3985586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          385                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23079851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17582387     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2207947      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205139      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       824197      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768363      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220366      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172516      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58492      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40444      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23079851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3093     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9431     38.76%     51.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     48.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10918647     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206145      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1205067      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702753      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13034190                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49189679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15569384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12820943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13058520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       373531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        178028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12064                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13793542                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       227603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12845861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132495                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1834894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1806950                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           702399                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12821147                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12820943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7496641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19584548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9584097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11747753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2045645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       201475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22706320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17935860     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2310272     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       900212      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484920      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361800      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202697      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125443      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111974      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273142      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22706320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9584097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11747753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1761876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1077004                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1686217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10585784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       238709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       273142                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36226511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27960550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                316026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5319414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9584097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11747753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9584097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.963165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.963165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       57924508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17772373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12890245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2200787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         864474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21174921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12309346                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2200787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1091631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2568212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        592580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1297188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22695565     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         119824      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         190003      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         256745      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         264063      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         224167      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         126462      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         186162      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1200786      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20957469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1366926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2563324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       362101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15101441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21015846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        189949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1043672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2508682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       132577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15094845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        57045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21062848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70222969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70222969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18223432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2839387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          397197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       765056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       175824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1688329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4054419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19217273     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2481920      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258932      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952624      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748201      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301907      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190240      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99493      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13187      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2761     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8735     36.54%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12409     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12028899     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213532      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1792      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296804      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762355      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53896751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16766535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14085592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14327287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229250                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        158015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       765056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       247373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14103568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1981534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2003603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           762287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14085730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14085592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8086441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21792332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10623801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13072821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2005348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       218954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19530130     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655684     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1005736      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478153      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400464      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231555      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204761      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90951      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293294      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10623801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13072821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1937462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1184140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1885266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11778406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       269249                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       293294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39675525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30529416                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                322656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3138608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13072821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.673467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.673467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63476569                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19621511                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13999344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1935512                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20544092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11004275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1935512                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1391447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2453576                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        510704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1243506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24241323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21787747     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         379761      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184712      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         374599      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         114684      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348472      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53245      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86301      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         911802      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24241323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20352202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1085706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2448527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       352947                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       178260                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12269723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       352947                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20374569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        720140                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       296064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2425936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        71661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12250196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        55050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16012135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55454357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55454357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12949099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3063024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          164318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       348906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        79431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12185418                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11397379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4579813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24241323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19242176     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551723      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702626      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974624      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494819      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123901      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145232      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3417      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24241323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18736     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7723     23.61%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6249     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8913538     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86797      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050787     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345469      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11397379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32708                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47076420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14412107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11430087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       352947                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        639108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12187023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       164029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11255402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2367748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1714089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           345442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11109154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11106216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6729742                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14507969                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       153804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23888376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203876     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435352      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934539      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291027      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491938      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93644      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59232      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53862      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324906      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23888376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8863517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9945157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2126655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1786708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1529122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8680706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       324906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35750981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24728295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                463013                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4161062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9945157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.204415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.204415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52374288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14436342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13089487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1993796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       818704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19333888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11318585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1993796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       986542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2368864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        575140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       930629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1191128                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23007225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20638361     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         128569      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         201540      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         322414      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         132987      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         148708      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         159847      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         104470      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1170329      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23007225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.398508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19147825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1118492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2361205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       326469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13815966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19179087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        254431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       773568                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2336624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        89933                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13805308                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         4514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7050                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19163841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64213870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64213870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16305020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2858815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          265012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       707069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       160927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13784193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13026480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1775986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3987486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23007225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17513909     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206039      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204783      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822396      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768505      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219439      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173059      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58642      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40453      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23007225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3103     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9387     38.65%     51.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11796     48.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10912893     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206117      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203549      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702344      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13026480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.458640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49101352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15563927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12814035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13050766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        174983                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13787808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9074                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       227165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12838908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1834231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1805948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           701986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.452036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12814246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12814035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7493402                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19573469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.451161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9577790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11739930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2047947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       200911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22633656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17866188     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2309267     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899088      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       485321      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361009      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202322      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125577      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111656      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273228      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22633656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9577790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11739930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1760652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1076253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1685075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10578708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       238532                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       273228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36148240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27949362                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                315610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5395160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9577790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11739930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9577790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.965442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.965442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.337218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.337218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57894691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17762309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12887514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681529774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761970129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683967725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764408080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683967725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764408080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869906.763580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895310.024898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870267.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895638.619289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870267.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895638.619289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511790729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589157686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514053080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591420037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514053080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591420037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782095.565960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807498.824187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1131175.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131175.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782456.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807827.429949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782456.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807827.429949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3539                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.932190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.730088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.300956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.338723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1198.535255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         830.757257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.585222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.405643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4510                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4511                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3539                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3304166744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3365337899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11033524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11033524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3315200268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3376371423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3315200268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3376371423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 945939.520183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953083.517134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1379190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1379190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946929.525278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954046.742865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946929.525278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954046.742865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2997428389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3055262600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10330183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10330183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3007758572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3065592783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3007758572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3065592783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858124.359863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865268.365902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1291272.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291272.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859114.130820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866231.359989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859114.130820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866231.359989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1315                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.511501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         159501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        47.428189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.270697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.378832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   596.849914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1392.012058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.015322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.291431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.679693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3031                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3033                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1171318215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1171318215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94280009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1077038206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1171318215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.297341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2299512.414634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844735.847843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890059.433891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90680209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    963885206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054565415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.297108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2211712.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756581.794349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801950.885932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1316                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.514168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.414982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.926717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   598.211250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1391.101253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.292095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.679249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077002417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1158951284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077002417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1158951284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1077002417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1158951284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842724.895931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879325.708649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842724.895931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879325.708649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 842724.895931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879325.708649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964046195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042482330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964046195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042482330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    964046195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042482330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754930.458105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791558.337130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754930.458105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791558.337130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 754930.458105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791558.337130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1313                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.471716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.454032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.758096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   597.158100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1392.284290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.291581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.679826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097435053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166852018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097435053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1166852018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097435053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1166852018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.374902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.234399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.374902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.234399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860733.374902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888015.234399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983262962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049254671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983262962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049254671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65991709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983262962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049254671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771791.963893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799127.700685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771791.963893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799127.700685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692095.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771791.963893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799127.700685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3209                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.569509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         124032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        23.607156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.976387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   902.338025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1114.117975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.440595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.544003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3209                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2932717933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2987477562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8662885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8662885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2941380818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2996140447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2941380818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2996140447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 925731.670770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932421.211610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1732577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1732577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 927003.094233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933667.948582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 927003.094233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933667.948582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2654567533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2706166362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8223885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8223885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2662791418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714390247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2662791418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714390247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 837931.670770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844621.211610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1644777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1644777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839203.094233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845867.948582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839203.094233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845867.948582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.866333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         122142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        29.958793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.622269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.137287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   896.159899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1103.946877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.008856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.539037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3565                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60035109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604085068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1664120177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60035109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604085068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1664120177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60035109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1604085068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1664120177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2144111.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801641.713143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820167.657467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2144111.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801641.713143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820167.657467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2144111.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 801641.713143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820167.657467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57576455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428326352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485902807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57576455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428326352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485902807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57576455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1428326352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485902807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056301.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713806.272864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732332.581074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056301.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713806.272864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732332.581074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056301.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713806.272864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732332.581074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1956                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.578294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         181219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        45.259491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.704492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.521027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   844.324955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1136.027821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.412268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.554701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                2013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3745                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3746                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1955                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1653931523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1724733824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1781742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1781742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1655713265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1726515566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1655713265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1726515566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            2013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.342922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.342922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861871.559666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883120.237583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       890871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       890871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861901.751692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883128.166752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861901.751692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883128.166752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1102                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1102                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1485414375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1553231476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1606142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487020517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554837618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487020517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554837618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774056.474726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795305.415259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       803071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       803071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774086.682457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795313.359591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774086.682457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795313.359591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.870507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         122143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        29.944349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.622385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.343734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   896.817889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1103.086499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.538616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            646                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 646                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3565                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63777595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1603292786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1667070381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63777595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1603292786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1667070381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63777595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1603292786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1667070381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          646                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             646                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199227.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800845.547453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820812.595273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199227.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800845.547453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820812.595273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199227.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800845.547453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820812.595273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61231012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1427495198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488726210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61231012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1427495198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488726210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61231012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1427495198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488726210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111414.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713034.564436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733001.580502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111414.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713034.564436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733001.580502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111414.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713034.564436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733001.580502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.443808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.443808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.487179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   452.471067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1528.041755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.220933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.746114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801118410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     890416237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801118410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      890416237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801118410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     890416237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837114.326019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899410.340404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837114.326019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899410.340404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837114.326019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899410.340404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716721550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803114477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716721550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    803114477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716721550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    803114477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748925.339603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811226.744444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748925.339603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811226.744444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748925.339603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811226.744444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.444831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.478598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   452.912661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1527.608741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.221149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.745903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      889781482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3197                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.567998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         124027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.660244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.897081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.991778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   899.512713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1117.166427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.439215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.545491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3858                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3198                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61545552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2924317880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2985863432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8487167                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8487167                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61545552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2932805047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2994350599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61545552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2932805047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2994350599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1758444.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 926003.128562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935127.914814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1697433.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1697433.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1758444.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927222.588365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936319.762039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1758444.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927222.588365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936319.762039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                493                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     493                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58472052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2647062078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2705534130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8048167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8048167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58472052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2655110245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2713582297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58472052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2655110245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2713582297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.450570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1670630.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838208.384421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847332.956467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1609633.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609633.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1670630.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839427.835915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848524.795810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1670630.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839427.835915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848524.795810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3227                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.568962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         124026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        23.525417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.129326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.070290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   906.058129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1110.311218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.442411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.542144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3853                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3854                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3191                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3228                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52673234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2968033931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3020707165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7667113                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7667113                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52673234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2975701044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3028374278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52673234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2975701044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3028374278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1423600.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 931586.293471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937234.615265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1533422.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1533422.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1423600.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932529.314948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938158.078686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1423600.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932529.314948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938158.078686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49424634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2688361460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2737786094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7228113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7228113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49424634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695589573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2745014207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49424634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695589573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2745014207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.453010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1335800.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 843804.601381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849452.713000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1445622.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1445622.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1335800.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844747.594171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850376.148389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1335800.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844747.594171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850376.148389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1321                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.512425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         159509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        47.346097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.711937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   597.624811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1390.900757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.291809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.679151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3039                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144744336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1144744336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1144744336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951892936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951892936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951892936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.799844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.258138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.799844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.258138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.799844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.258138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.887679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        29.977669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.666946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   895.381273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1104.999508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.539551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606726663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1659581974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606726663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1659581974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606726663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1659581974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887689.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803765.214107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818738.023680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887689.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803765.214107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818738.023680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887689.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803765.214107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818738.023680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431164235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481559997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431164235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481559997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431164235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481559997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799848.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715940.087544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730912.677356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799848.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715940.087544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730912.677356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799848.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715940.087544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730912.677356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3187                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.571117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        23.706995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.781629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   901.334703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1115.317170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.440105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.544588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3862                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3187                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2931845360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2981878880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7652188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7652188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2939497548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2989531068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2939497548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2989531068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.452310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931335.883100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937108.384664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1530437.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1530437.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932285.933397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938039.243175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932285.933397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938039.243175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                495                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     495                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2655400379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2702447976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7213188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7213188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2662613567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2709661164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2662613567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2709661164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843519.815438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849292.261471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1442637.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442637.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844469.891215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850223.145278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844469.891215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850223.145278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159249830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159249830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590050939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590050939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590050939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590050939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421862.873171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421862.873171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943092349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943092349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946513631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946513631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946513631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946513631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342938.995588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342938.995588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.811541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030761455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1771067.792096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.051863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.759677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1178674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1178674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406306205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             49147.962381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.107676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.892324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3076294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3076294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1684017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4760311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4760311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4760311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4760311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        29152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        29152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13837497372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13837497372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38291360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38291360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13875788732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13875788732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13875788732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13875788732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3105416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3105416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1684047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4789463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4789463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4789463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4789463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475156.149028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 475156.149028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1276378.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1276378.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475980.678238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 475980.678238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475980.678238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 475980.678238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3641428654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3641428654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11164095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11164095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3652592749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652592749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3652592749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652592749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455064.815546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455064.815546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1240455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1240455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455947.166271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455947.166271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455947.166271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455947.166271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.515416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999991957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1930486.403475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.515416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1296122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1296122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1296122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109361273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109361273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1296180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1885539.189655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       820944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94766499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94766499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203872.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152540464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33437.190706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.762763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.237237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.874073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.125927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       891636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       749524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749524                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1641160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1641160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4667816745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4667816745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8851373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8851373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4676668118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4676668118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4676668118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4676668118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       905360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       749629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1654989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1654989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340120.718814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340120.718814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84298.790476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84298.790476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.329453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1283896727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283896727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1189043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1285085770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285085770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1285085770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285085770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 299416.214319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299416.214319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66057.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66057.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298440.726893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.660198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999992191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934220.872340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.660198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1296356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1296356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152540617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33400.616816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.794577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.205423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4700303943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4700303943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4708728571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4708728571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4708728571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4708728571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342587.750948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342587.750948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340644.474499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340644.474499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340644.474499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340644.474499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1284063020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284063020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285231200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285231200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285231200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285231200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 299036.567303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299036.567303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298059.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298059.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298059.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298059.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.221317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999989991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937965.098837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.221317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152537901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33473.315997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.757895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.242105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4775830156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4775830156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784502495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4784502495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784502495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4784502495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 347358.364681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347358.364681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345351.703118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345351.703118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345351.703118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345351.703118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1303970995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303970995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305156851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305156851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305156851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305156851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 304452.718889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304452.718889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303454.278307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303454.278307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303454.278307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303454.278307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.276577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1005649036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908252.440228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.276577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1190991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1190991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167168679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22946.970350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.177416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.822584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.887412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.112588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       823825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       681238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1505063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1505063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1505063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1505063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8132849517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8132849517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     82334619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82334619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8215184136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8215184136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8215184136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8215184136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       842206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       681333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442459.578750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442459.578750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866680.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866680.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3211776258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3211776258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9350503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9350503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3221126761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221126761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3221126761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221126761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 457909.360992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457909.360992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 623366.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623366.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              549.514381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919939791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1654567.969424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.183513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1242608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1242608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1242608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72551014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72551014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72551014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72551014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72551014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72551014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1242652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648886.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1648886.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648886.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1648886.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1648886.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1648886.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60361334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60361334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60361334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60361334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60361334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60361334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2081425.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2081425.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2081425.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2081425.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2081425.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2081425.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205260167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35255.954483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.758340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.241660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.745150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.254850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1851229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       337799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2189028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9070956949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9070956949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2238902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2238902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9073195851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9073195851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9073195851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9073195851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1871018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       337825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2208843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2208843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2208843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2208843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458383.796503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458383.796503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86111.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86111.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457895.324300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457895.324300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457895.324300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457895.324300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854159525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854159525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       399516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854559041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854559041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1854559041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854559041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333481.928957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333481.928957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        66586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333194.222242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333194.222242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 333194.222242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333194.222242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.461216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001233337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1936621.541586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.461216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1225245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1225245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158376619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26743.772205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   225.381640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    30.618360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.880397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.119603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       861647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       727262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8189423004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8189423004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    308360344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308360344                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8497783348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8497783348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8497783348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8497783348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       880961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       727862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 424014.859894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424014.859894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 513933.906667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 513933.906667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426724.080948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426724.080948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426724.080948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426724.080948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3692831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 461603.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1915175343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915175343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2774867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2774867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1917950210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917950210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1917950210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917950210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339029.092406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339029.092406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163227.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163227.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338501.625485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338501.625485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338501.625485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338501.625485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              549.775964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              919940889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651599.441652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.444950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.331014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.037572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1243706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1243706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1243706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77244751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77244751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77244751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77244751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77244751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77244751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1243752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1679233.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1679233.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1679233.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1679233.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1679233.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1679233.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64113166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64113166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64113166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64113166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64113166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64113166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2137105.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137105.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2137105.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137105.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2137105.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2137105.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205261592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35250.144599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   191.438445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    64.561555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.747806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.252194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1852265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       338187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2190452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2190452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9050107013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9050107013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2231994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2231994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9052339007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9052339007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9052339007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9052339007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1872068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       338213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2210281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2210281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 457006.868303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457006.868303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85845.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85845.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456520.198043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456520.198043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456520.198043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456520.198043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1853236455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853236455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1853621055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853621055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1853621055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853621055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333255.971048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333255.971048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332965.880187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332965.880187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332965.880187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332965.880187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              486.776029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003117173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2047177.904082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.776029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1328215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1328215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1953165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       651055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148883282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             34704.727739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.785960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.214040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.862445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.137555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1057660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       784725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1842385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1842385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2376368086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376368086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6131969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6131969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2382500055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2382500055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2382500055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2382500055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1067981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       784800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1852781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1852781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230245.914737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230245.914737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81759.586667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81759.586667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229174.687861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229174.687861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229174.687861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229174.687861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008578568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008578568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1113697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1009692265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009692265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1009692265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009692265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251015.074166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251015.074166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69606.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69606.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 250295.554041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250295.554041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 250295.554041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250295.554041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.773321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003118764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2047181.151020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.773321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148885445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34664.830035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.751399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.248601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.862310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.137690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.259145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1005647280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1911876.958175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.259145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.043685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1189235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1189235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1189235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1189235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1189235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92820478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92820478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92820478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92820478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92820478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92820478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1189290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1189290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1189290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1687645.054545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687645.054545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1687645.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687645.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1687645.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687645.054545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61917961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61917961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61917961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61917961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61917961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61917961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1719943.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719943.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1719943.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719943.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1719943.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1719943.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167165720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             22978.105842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.222526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.777474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.887588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.112412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       822312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       679859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1502171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1502171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8250093861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8250093861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     82265465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82265465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8332359326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8332359326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8332359326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8332359326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       840697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       840697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       679958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1520655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1520655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1520655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1520655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448740.487408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448740.487408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 830964.292929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830964.292929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450787.671824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450787.671824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450787.671824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450787.671824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        11464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3203448231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3203448231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9169667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9169667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3212617898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3212617898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3212617898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3212617898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 457308.812420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457308.812420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 611311.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611311.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 457637.877208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457637.877208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 457637.877208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457637.877208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.305809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1005651094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1904642.223485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.305809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1193049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1193049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1193049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1193049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1193049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1193049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79206418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79206418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79206418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79206418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79206418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79206418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1193107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1193107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1193107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1193107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1193107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1365627.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1365627.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1365627.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1365627.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1365627.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1365627.896552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53071563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53071563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53071563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53071563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53071563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53071563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1396620.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1396620.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1396620.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1396620.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1396620.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1396620.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167169628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22906.224719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.317295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.682705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.887958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.112042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       824482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        824482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       681563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1506045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1506045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1506045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1506045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8241726190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8241726190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     73317973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73317973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8315044163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8315044163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8315044163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8315044163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       842927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       681659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1524586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1524586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1524586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1524586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446827.117918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446827.117918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763728.885417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763728.885417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448467.944717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448467.944717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448467.944717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448467.944717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3245596586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3245596586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8349613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8349613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3253946199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253946199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3253946199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3253946199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 461743.716887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461743.716887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 556640.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556640.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 461945.797700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461945.797700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 461945.797700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461945.797700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.350915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999992961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1926768.710983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.350915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152541187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33356.918216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.678424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.321576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4599950637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4599950637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608580363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4608580363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608580363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4608580363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334785.344760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334785.344760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1274439861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1274439861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275608957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275608957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275608957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275608957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296450.304955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296450.304955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.105756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919940645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1654569.505396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.774557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.331199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.036498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61351017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61351017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61351017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394341.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1394341.295455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394341.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1394341.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394341.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1394341.295455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834017.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834017.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834017.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834017.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834017.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834017.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205262301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35201.903790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   191.424920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    64.575080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.747754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.252246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1852840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9087379349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9087379349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9089642955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9089642955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9089642955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9089642955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1872653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458657.414273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458657.414273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458170.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458170.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458170.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458170.419628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857363054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857363054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857768102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857768102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857768102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857768102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333518.235590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333518.235590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333231.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333231.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333231.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333231.946547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.651173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1005649122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1915522.137143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.651173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.042710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1191077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1191077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67034319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67034319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67034319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67034319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67034319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67034319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1314398.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1314398.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1314398.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1314398.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1314398.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1314398.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167168413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22991.117178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.200063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.799937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       823714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       681090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8178800651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8178800651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73340212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73340212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8252140863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8252140863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8252140863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8252140863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       842155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       681186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1523341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1523341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 443511.775446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443511.775446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 763960.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763960.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445171.325619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445171.325619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445171.325619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445171.325619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3211145271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3211145271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8334688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8334688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3219479959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3219479959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3219479959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3219479959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458735.038714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458735.038714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 555645.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 555645.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458942.260727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458942.260727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458942.260727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458942.260727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
