
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108753030795                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621362233683                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   381965                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1929699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67743864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56357.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17145421637                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21526599707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4293120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4301056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2266752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4311040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4306944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1483008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1478656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2277760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1076864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2275968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4305280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1479552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1482240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3669248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2282240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42854784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           81792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11788160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11788160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        33602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        33680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        33648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                334803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39475865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39548838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20843116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39640642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39602979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13636475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13596458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13638829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20944336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9901922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20927858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39587678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13604697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13629413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33739271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20985530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               394055997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        48256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             752089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         108393853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              108393853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         108393853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39475865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39548838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20843116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39640642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39602979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13636475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        48256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13596458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13638829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20944336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9901922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20927858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39587678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13604697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13629413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33739271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20985530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502449850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17565871                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15850180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       923965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6698080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6296170                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186543427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110377428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17565871                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7267092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21842737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2899576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26087236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10703491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236425784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214583047     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780731      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1596695      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         681079      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3628012      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3239419      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631375      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1304674      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9980752      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236425784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184627713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     28014624                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21762004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69538                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1951899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129431521                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2677                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1951899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184872887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      26033933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1135220                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21614162                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       817677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129358790                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       417435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       267197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151862845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609230588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609230588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17139985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15469                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1882005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30539240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15446394                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       746687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129113942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124152851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9936805                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23741219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236425784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191815618     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13644071      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11025206      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4749267      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5938078      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5635076      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3204631      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255607      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158230      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236425784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312606     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2386514     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69811      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77880001     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082314      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29778065     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405039     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124152851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476049                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2768931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487573961                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139069486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123093244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126921782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1191203                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          482                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101057                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1951899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25397499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240344                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129129539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30539240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15446394                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148887                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          142                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541492                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1082945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123290058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29680054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45083274                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16154864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123096447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123093244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66499946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131250190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.471986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11627249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       944384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234473885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191690114     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15746080      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7336650      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211318      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1993573      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8255732      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627216      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458829      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154373      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234473885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362462831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260239332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4009278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24372852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609530217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142945564                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154131628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17583223                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15867016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6734319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6303455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186567592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            110470983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17583223                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7271521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21863653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       2902883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     26254947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10703055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    236644702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      214781049     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         779738      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1604920      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         684215      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3631896      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3229904      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         627687      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1304977      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10000316      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    236644702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      184673092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     28160934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21782762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        69894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      1958014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1542029                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          497                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    129561756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      1958014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      184917492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      26200402                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1123479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21636584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       808725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    129485159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       409998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       265576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12987                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    151975303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    609788810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    609788810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    134819181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       17156032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8048                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1864837                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     30562661                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     15464830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       747578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        129238665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       124258084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9998542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23930568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          542                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236644702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192025211     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13624795      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11017393      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4763273      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5954118      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5639970      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3205503      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256168      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158271      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236644702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312374     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2388025     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69833      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77937672     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084142      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7438      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29813888     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15414944     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    124258084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476452                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2770232                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488012477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139255952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123185503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    127028316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1196462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          468                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3216                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10968                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           63                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      1958014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      25576760                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129254281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30562661                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15464830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8049                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3216                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       540597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540987                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1081584                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123394162                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29707278                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           45120555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16163870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         15413277                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473140                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            123188816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           123185503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66536048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       131293320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100068649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117597520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11671081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14992                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       941535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234686688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191880754     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15747120      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7339801      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7220984      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1994242      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8262243      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626956      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458777      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1155811      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234686688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100068649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117597520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             44721140                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            29366190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15529567                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       104572374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1139122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1155811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362799179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         260495449                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4006221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              24153934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100068649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117597520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100068649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.606197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.606197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      609995661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     143039592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     154249803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19184713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15732568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1882082                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8079233                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7501987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1967724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84220                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183258687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            109002330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19184713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9469711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23987940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5333022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17420264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11292674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1871456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228084885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      204096945     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2595899      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3003044      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1655099      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1921871      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1051729      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         709740      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1857543      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11193015      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228084885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      181784899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18922827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23799543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       177241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3113572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17623                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133101011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        87570                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      182062103                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       5888474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12244912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23707578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       781443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133020554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       205132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       360704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           66                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    184826977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    619326051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    619326051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    157915183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26911794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2102902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12724296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6916208                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1534442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132805895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       125545106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16547909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38190659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4255                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228084885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175180045     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21280007      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437373      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7908199      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6916934      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3550540      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       847885      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553206      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410696      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228084885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32593     11.90%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119305     43.56%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121998     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105091940     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960790      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15378      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11609734      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6867264      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    125545106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            273896                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479626025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149390281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123462258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    125819002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316365                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2260684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          720                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1210                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3707                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5446300                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132841284                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12724296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6916208                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1210                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1058095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2148559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123696263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10903100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17768818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17310466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6865718                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474298                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            123464096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           123462258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73386009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       192246681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381728                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92733083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    113771260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19071158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1892944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224684513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178207761     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21554187      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9033540      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5421015      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3762077      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2423921      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1261715      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013631      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006666      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224684513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     92733083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    113771260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17233936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10463612                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16282249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102569636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2314636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2006666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          355519641                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         269085279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2811860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              32713751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          92733083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           113771260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     92733083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.812358                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.812358                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      557959579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     171350416                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124189716                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17620484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15902273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6619901                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6302873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972073                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186906708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110715176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17620484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7274946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21902454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2909727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     26173278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10721948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236946739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      215044285     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         779749      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1603193      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         682551      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3636110      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3242662      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         627969      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1310301      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10019919      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236946739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      184978287                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     28113239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21821958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        69435                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1963814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1543973                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129829240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1963814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185226065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      26179830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1093086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21672810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       811128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129756970                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       412524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       268496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7416                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    152325988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    611080708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    611080708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    135067873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17258097                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1887328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30612254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15485516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       749575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129508325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124468949                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74396                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10057002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24156587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236946739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192248629     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13649701      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11041859      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4768410      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5962651      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5647784      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3212302      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256260      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       159143      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236946739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313496     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2390894     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70004      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78079454     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086715      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7452      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29852081     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15443247     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124468949                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2774394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488733427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139584030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123402529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    127243343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1191166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3213                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10982                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1963814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      25560216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129523891                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30612254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15485516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3213                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       537646                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1082172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123603119                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29750509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  70                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45192215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16193051                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15441706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123405728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123402529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66657059                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       131580201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100253996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117815088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11723000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       942627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234982925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192092336     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15786703      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7350392      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7232713      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1999335      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8274370      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628450      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459436      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1159190      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234982925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100253996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117815088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44804686                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29421088                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15558295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104765727                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1141175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1159190                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363361524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         261040177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4012131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23851897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100253996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117815088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100253996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.601379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.601379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      611035451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     143302582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154571588                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17627354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15906159                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920643                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6555642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6305780                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         973004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40858                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186973360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110773597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17627354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7278784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21911788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2903779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     26085652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10724070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    236930916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      215019128     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         781920      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1602426      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         681466      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3638251      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3245713      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         626574      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1312023      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10023415      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    236930916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      185059054                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     28011595                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21830909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        69717                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1959635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1546848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    129881702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1959635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      185304818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      26043895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1127499                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21683297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       811766                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    129810929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       413375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       267441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9293                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    152385455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    611355882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    611355882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    135163801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       17221629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15468                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8009                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1879314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     30629063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15494097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       750914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        129563531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       124526558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72680                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10031455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24109674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236930916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192215979     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13650771      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11049106      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4767030      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5966125      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5653349      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3213252      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256704      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158600      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236930916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313490     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2393323     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70044      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78108683     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1087648      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7457      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29867676     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15455094     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    124526558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2776857                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488833569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139613708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123468077                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    127303415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1185122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          469                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10983                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1959635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      25420545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129579125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30629063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15494097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150700                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       543534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1079821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123665451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29770610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       861107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           45224190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16203576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15453580                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123471369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123468077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66700068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       131669263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506573                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100327356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117900804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11692831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       940848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234971281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192054875     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15792093      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7354121      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7239127      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2001061      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8281517      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628254      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       460129      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1160104      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234971281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100327356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117900804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             44839408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            29443938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15569470                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104841871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1141903                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1160104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363404513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         261147093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4012303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23867720                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100327356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117900804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100327356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      611374570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     143369623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     154664558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20221312                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16544434                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1969208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8338195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2089098                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194589152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            113099072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20221312                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10048598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23603208                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5377765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10404526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11902051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1971138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231979751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208376543     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1099220      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1746052      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2365460      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2433901      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2060713      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1160554      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1712369      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11024939      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231979751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      192589021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12421877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23559479                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        26878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3382493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3329815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138768614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3382493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193118408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1746404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9449223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23062999                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1220221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138717998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       179412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       524456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193543145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    645364005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    645364005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167834625                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25708520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3604431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12976372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7038015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1729463                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        138551265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34477                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       131569935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15321344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36706209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231979751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176271675     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22938417      9.89%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11597325      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738371      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6874655      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2786626      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739588      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       912275      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120819      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231979751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25443     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80365     36.88%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112124     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110653028     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966730      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16496      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11917427      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7016254      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    131569935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217932                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495355615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153907625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129611758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    131787867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2073444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3382493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1451868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118758                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138585883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12976372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7038015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100209                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143857                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2252266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129769148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11214936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18230925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18438573                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7015989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            129611968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           129611758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74399882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       200489236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97836609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120386371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18199533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33274                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1994164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228597258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179175645     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24513631     10.72%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9240483      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4413039      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3736414      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132156      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848839      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843221      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2693830      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228597258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97836609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120386371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17838941                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10902928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17359750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108466741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2478972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2693830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          364488656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280554352                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2945066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28818885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97836609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120386371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97836609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665655                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665655                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      584064255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     180537787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128652861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20188536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16519081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1970592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8255521                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7934727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2080205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89351                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194269042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112923750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20188536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10014932                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23557110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5387093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     10533280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11886824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231750945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      208193835     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1091579      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1735601      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2361652      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2431239      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2056992      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1149960      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1716555      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11013532      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231750945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077410                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      192270775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12549243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23512764                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        27660                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3390500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3323242                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    138574433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3390500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      192795650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1746257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      9578184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23021552                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1218799                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    138527599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       179718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       523744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    193274265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    644457177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    644457177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    167476044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25798199                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17642                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3601074                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12967595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7025280                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1724082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        138368069                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       131353102                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15382534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36867993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1028                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231750945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176147678     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22878832      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11581472      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8729481      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6864213      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2782229      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736238      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       908958      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121844      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231750945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24740     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83893     37.83%     48.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113105     51.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110481115     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963756      1.50%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11887994      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7003776      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    131353102                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.503657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221738                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494696785                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153785369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129395588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    131574840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2087945                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3390500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1452036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138402438                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12967595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7025280                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142268                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1114906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2257174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129551785                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11191575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1801317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18195073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18407065                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7003498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.496750                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            129395818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           129395588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74283344                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       200210788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.496151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371026                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97627605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120129226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18273227                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33203                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1995490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228360445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179047980     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24459024     10.71%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9222809      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4396726      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3731385      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2122258      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1851216      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842096      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2686951      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228360445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97627605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120129226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17800859                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10879650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17322710                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       108235026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2473680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2686951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          364075271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         280195473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2943385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              29047691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97627605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120129226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97627605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.671362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.671362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      583038752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     180238193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     128448270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        33174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20216328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16539684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1970348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8323735                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7956100                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2089658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194621071                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            113080927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20216328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10045758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23595498                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5378144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10470971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11904576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    232070324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208474826     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1094509      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1742089      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2367846      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2432033      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2061343      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1160727      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1717481      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11019470      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    232070324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077517                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.433595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192618841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12490976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23552139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26636                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3381729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3329536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138752012                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3381729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      193143809                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1751864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      9514101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23060004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1218814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138706066                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       179715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       523753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193533012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    645296756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    645296756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    167845991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       25686997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17868                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3597704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12974692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7038637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673681                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        138549576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34490                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       131586583                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15297982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36624899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232070324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176394790     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22897512      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11583217      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8750162      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6880789      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2790623      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1739164      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911640      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122427      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232070324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25437     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80404     36.83%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112454     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110668663     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966584      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16497      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11918077      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7016762      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    131586583                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            218295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495479838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153882590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129627989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    131804878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070979                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102134                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3381729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1456780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138584204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12974692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7038637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2253725                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129784543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11215687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18232182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18440708                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7016495                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            129628208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           129627989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74407159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       200499032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.497042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97843261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120394642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18189548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33274                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1995306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228688595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179291792     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24485786     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9245690      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4414953      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3717924      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131606      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1860591      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842679      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2697574      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228688595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97843261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120394642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17840203                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10903708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17360976                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       108474204                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2479159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2697574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364574535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280550190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2946451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              28728312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97843261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120394642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97843261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.665474                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.665474                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      584125409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     180560688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128636638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19184521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15733230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7857092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7483734                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1966064                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183109085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            109095712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19184521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9449798                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23992179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5357723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17286851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11285372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1869434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    227833123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      203840944     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2599398      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3012304      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1651558      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1897275      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1044046      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         712794      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1860084      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11214720      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    227833123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      181615167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18809215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23793332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       187960                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3427446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3113319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17563                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    133188113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        87528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3427446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      181904915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5723828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     12274707                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23700169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       802055                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    133107839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       203885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       371665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    184969725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    619767841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    619767841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    157780573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27189091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34940                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2157945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12716521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6918959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536248                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132890652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35023                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       125523696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176239                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16731091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38740453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4035                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227833123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174957224     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21256958      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421693      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7919987      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6918264      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538212      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857445      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552115      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411225      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227833123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32573     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119130     43.54%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121892     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105069359     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964479      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15364      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11604347      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6870147      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    125523696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            273595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479330349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149657954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123427851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    125797291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2261740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          746                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1191                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7685                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2996                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5276404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132925787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12716521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6918959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1191                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1059264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2148163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123664016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10895363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1859680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17763976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17299576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6868613                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474174                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123429625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123427851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        73370072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       192224488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473269                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92654160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    113674442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19252403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30987                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1891411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224405677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177966595     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21537400      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9026667      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5418718      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3754793      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2422646      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1261619      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012474      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2004765      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224405677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     92654160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    113674442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17219371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10454767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16268377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102482375                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2312670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2004765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          355327133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         269281270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2808039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32965513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          92654160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           113674442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     92654160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.814754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.814754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      557800709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     171304397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124278006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22604106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18821289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2051938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8618628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8270579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2432540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95235                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196643596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123994723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22604106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10703119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25846864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5714388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18120511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12209939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    244258978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218412114     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1584001      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2001371      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3180848      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331339      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1713160      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1998266      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         914929      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13122950      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    244258978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195488473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19391382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25723943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3643281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3439719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    151577594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3643281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195686735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        630813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18207498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25537560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       553084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    150643475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        79265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       386250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    210402577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    700548305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    700548305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    176110653                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34291924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1942214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14109537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7377524                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        147090280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36490                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141122383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17816856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36278255                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1258                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244258978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184459014     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27275981     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11150875      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6252612      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8462064      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2608325      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2562571      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1378779      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108757      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244258978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973085     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132733     10.78%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125804     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118890269     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1929111      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17465      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12930515      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7355023      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141122383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541116                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231622                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527877119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164944299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137456211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    142354005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2663562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3643281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479905                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147126776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14109537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7377524                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1215573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2370703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138669212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12719566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2453171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20073900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19610954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7354334                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            137456687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           137456211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82360570                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       221251898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102457349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126250698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20876631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35232                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2069516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240615697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187177646     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27082754     11.26%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9832832      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4898536      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4482608      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1880292      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863313      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886826      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2510890      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240615697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102457349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126250698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18719405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11445975                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18299387                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       113667017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2607057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2510890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385231421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         297897952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2980974                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16539658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102457349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126250698                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102457349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392860                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392860                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      623956770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     192072413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140180187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260796045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17920751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16003168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11999228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11704467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189411060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            101781749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17920751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12780966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22698045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4681867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7591368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11459833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1401038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    222948394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      200250349     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3460594      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1746145      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3426908      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1097050      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3172113      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         500039      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         806329      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8488867      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    222948394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187561643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9486114                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22652845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3229512                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1690114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16751                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    113855965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3229512                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      187771629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6224272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2598907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22446764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       677306                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    113688607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        88539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    148994569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    515259423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    515259423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    120869259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28125187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1550354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     20518832                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3330150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       754285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        113103486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       105928945                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20379155                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41731646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222948394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176500490     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14616026      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15575831      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8995899      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4653130      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1166447      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381804      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32155      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26612      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222948394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177030     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73149     23.59%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59849     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83058788     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830423      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18730935     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3301259      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    105928945                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406175                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435184538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133498243                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103242333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    106238973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4185762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3229512                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5441453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113118898                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20518832                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3330150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38305                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2179                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       548034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1512714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104589495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18462400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1339450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21763481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15899495                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3301081                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            103266672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           103242333                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        62478918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       136068623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.395874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82245934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     92596455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20526887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1418640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219718882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185244510     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13544058      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8699417      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2743202      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4543496      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888459      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       562031      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514180      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2979529      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219718882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     82245934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     92596455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19585840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16333038                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14206605                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        80922506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1158091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2979529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          329862396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         229478805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4229662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              37847651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          82245934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            92596455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     82245934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.170929                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.170929                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315365                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315365                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      486169746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     134519935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     120930278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17602331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15883867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6517868                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6296699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186720435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110610913                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17602331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7267967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21881000                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2906570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     26228969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10710981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    236792733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      214911733     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         781085      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1599057      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         680677      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3635119      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3240362      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         625196      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1309510      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10009994      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    236792733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      184836725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     28124367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21800264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        69529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1961842                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1544256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129698963                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1961842                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185080529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      26143038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1151255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21653942                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       802121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129627356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       408997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       265610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6366                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152170740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    610482194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    610482194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    134939943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       17230774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8012                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1864604                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     30584666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15469520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       750541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129379469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15503                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       124341658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10040732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24129351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          499                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236792733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192149603     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13625359      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11029528      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4762085      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5956740      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5645104      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3210046      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255912      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158356      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236792733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313744     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2390168     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69801      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77996971     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085808      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7444      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29822133     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15429302     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    124341658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476773                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2773713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488323519                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139438917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123280700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    127115371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1189572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          456                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3220                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10966                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1961842                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      25524407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238654                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129395050                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30584666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15469520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148624                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3220                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1081168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123479236                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29723699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           45151470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16178491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15427771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473466                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123283965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123280700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66595558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       131457762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100160834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117705404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11703775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       941411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234830891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191988425     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15760836      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7343767      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7227177      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1996482      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8269565      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628183      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458996      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1157460      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234830891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    100160834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117705404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             44765019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            29395085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7490                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15543675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104668167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1140040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1157460                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          363082311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         260780381                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4009370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              24005903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         100160834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117705404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    100160834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.603799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.603799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      610441174                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     143154534                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     154429810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20182791                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16512502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1967959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8304703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7943423                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2085637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89776                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194322243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112893850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20182791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10029060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23557183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5370045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10508556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11886040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1969814                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231764414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208207231     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1093081      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1740610      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2363609      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2428824      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2057526      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1157983      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1714257      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11001293      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231764414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      192323898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12523985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23513774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3376060                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3323717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138518773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3376060                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      192848269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1762272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9538152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23022148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1217510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138472735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       179758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       522878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    193207369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    644208942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    644208942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    167571157                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25636212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3595304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12951448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7026520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1722972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        138317031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34412                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       131365453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15267277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36548112                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1189                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231764414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176143368     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22901626      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11580737      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8724347      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6863478      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2782360      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737212      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       909960      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121326      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231764414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25386     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80238     36.87%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111977     51.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110483611     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963859      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16470      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11896561      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7004952      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    131365453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217601                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494730944                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153619256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129413891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    131583054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2065652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3376060                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1468028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138351585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12951448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7026520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17818                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1144063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2251222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129569814                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11197448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1795639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18202136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18410187                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7004688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            129414106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           129413891                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74282149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       200164759                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.496222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97682962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    120197284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18154317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33223                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1992874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228388354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179043279     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24475332     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9227403      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4405892      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3729605      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2130230      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845680      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841644      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2689289      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228388354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97682962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    120197284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17810904                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10885796                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17332487                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       108296365                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2475075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2689289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          364049990                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280079312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2941768                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              29034222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97682962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           120197284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97682962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.669848                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.669848                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.374553                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.374553                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      583164486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     180262309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     128424280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260798363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20194548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16521906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1972811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8449205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7960667                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194630376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112890642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20194548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10048657                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23571055                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5362183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10416647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11903925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231982455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208411400     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1095576      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1744171      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2367597      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2432244      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2059744      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1159285      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1716321      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10996117      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231982455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077434                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      192629351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12435057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23527949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3363323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3325430                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    138548314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3363323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      193155268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1747223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9462831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23034885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1218922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    138500024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       179588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       523751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193253399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    644300896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    644300896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    167805078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25448228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18097                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3600900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12972005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7029517                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        138344180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       131485969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15124412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36079163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1453                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231982455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176326687     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22897799      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11595321      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8735065      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6870662      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2784446      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1740263      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911819      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120393      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231982455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25470     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80334     36.91%     48.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111862     51.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110587120     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960385      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16493      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11914360      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7007611      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    131485969                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.504167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217666                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495190058                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153503848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129523024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    131703635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94707                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3363323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1453417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138379039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12972005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7029517                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1148963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2255599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129678966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11212155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18219494                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18431698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7007339                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.497238                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            129523233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           129523024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74344997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       200328922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.496640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97819408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120365321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18013664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33267                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1997759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228619132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179233688     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24480669     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9248063      4.05%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4406322      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3718565      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131360      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861485      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842250      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2696730      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228619132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97819408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120365321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17835852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10901049                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17356771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       108447766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2478557                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2696730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          364300711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         280121427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2946937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              28815908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97819408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120365321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97819408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.666121                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.666121                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.375077                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.375077                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      583666192                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     180422380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128434889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18324164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14988709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1790061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7548313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7223139                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177797308                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104015348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18324164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9105894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21794192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5221042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8238707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10935263                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1801588                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    211221607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      189427415     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1184793      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1865528      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2971452      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1230631      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1372209      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1466122      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         954897      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10748560      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    211221607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070262                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176097308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9952054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21726791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        54495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3390956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3001389                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127003118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2889                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3390956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176370728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2000548                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7128972                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21512483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       817917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126920117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        34968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       217013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       295998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74878                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    176197111                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    590438611                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    590438611                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150252594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25944517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32699                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2359761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12094831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6499266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1477230                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126738990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119906329                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151589                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16118877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36024497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211221607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160644185     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20317585      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11091430      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7565593      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7077400      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030685      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586097      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539558      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369074      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211221607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27661     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85427     38.61%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108183     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100448698     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1897601      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14527      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11080792      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6464711      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119906329                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.459766                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451407125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142891952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117981024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120127600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2178219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          323                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1321                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3390956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1236539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126771914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12094831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6499266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1321                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2068783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118200350                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10420730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16883843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16631706                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6463113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453225                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117981847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117981024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68983745                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       180244509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452384                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88259116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108182186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18590255                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1828308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207830651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163919739     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21264695     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8278730      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4459769      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3339607      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862595      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153018      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028771      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523727      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207830651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88259116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108182186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16220525                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9916612                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14618                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15529228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97479920                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2197592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2523727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          332078780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256936035                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2882559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              49577029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88259116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108182186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88259116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.954920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.954920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      533019356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163535909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118461755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29274                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19197891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15743058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880698                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7892516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7494958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183282136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            109160211                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19197891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9464127                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24005595                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5349976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     17238934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11293620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1869335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    227963872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      203958277     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2603298      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3010317      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1653531      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1898871      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1046980      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         716287      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1860146      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11216165      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    227963872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418561                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181786539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     18762479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23806544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       188690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3419617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3116495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17590                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    133249314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        87587                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3419617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      182076671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       5762176                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     12187647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23713808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       803950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    133169699                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       204593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       372760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    185069990                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    620038948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    620038948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    157980674                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27089316                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19520                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2156993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12709109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6925275                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1538668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        132957976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34995                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       125633235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16650756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38506116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3968                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227963872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175029028     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21288473      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11438027      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7925302      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6921540      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538646      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858713      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552010      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412133      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227963872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32380     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       116437     42.99%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122047     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105161216     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965450      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15384      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11614959      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6876226      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    125633235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.481725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            270864                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479676460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149644930                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123543556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    125904099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315649                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2241151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152157                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2807                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3419617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5315686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132993083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12709109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6925275                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19498                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1056910                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2147285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123778803                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10908106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17782763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17318191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6874657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474614                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            123545353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           123543556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73430661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       192333712                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92771542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    113818430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19175830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1891619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224544255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178044690     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21564365      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9036870      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432267      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756657      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428587      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1259452      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013687      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007680      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224544255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     92771542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    113818430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17241076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10467958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16289009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       102612141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2315588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2007680                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          355530211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         269408200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2808388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              32834764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          92771542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           113818430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     92771542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.811192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.811192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355721                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355721                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      558339216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     171467670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     124359251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33585                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.930232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.574496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.639429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.973172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1837.064699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.252933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.897004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39416                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33585                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32016247927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32110714149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56383323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     56383323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32072631250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32167097472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32072631250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32167097472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955594.792473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957128.801127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1566203.416667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1566203.416667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956250.186345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957781.672532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956250.186345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957781.672532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29074126827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29164642049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53221565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53221565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29127348392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29217863614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29127348392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29217863614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 867780.767282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869314.794748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1478376.805556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478376.805556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868436.147645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869967.652643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868436.147645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869967.652643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        33642                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.931959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         198648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        35690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.565929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.644088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.810282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1838.714708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         203.762881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.897810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.099494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 39398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12510                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               12510                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  39431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39430                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 39431                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               33608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                33644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33603                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               33644                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74891950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32030334014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32105225964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51279440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51279440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74891950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32081613454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    32156505404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     74891950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32081613454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   32156505404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             73006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           12510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              73075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             73075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826632.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954220.931689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955285.228636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1424428.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1424428.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826632.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954724.680951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955787.225181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1826632.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 954724.680951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955787.225181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5293                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5293                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           33644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          33644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71290866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29082559907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29153850773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     48117388                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48117388                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71290866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29130677295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29201968161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71290866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29130677295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29201968161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738801.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866403.310007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867467.590246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1336594.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1336594.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738801.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866907.040889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867969.568452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1738801.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 866907.040889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867969.568452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17753                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.493186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         224357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.330589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.348173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.756297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1655.243856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         357.144859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.808225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               18379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33879                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33880                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17745                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14880418776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14957987163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9332323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9332323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14889751099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14967319486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14889751099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14967319486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           18379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840844.141719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843511.372187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 777693.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777693.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840801.349540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843466.863116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840801.349540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843466.863116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               9703                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    9703                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13326417352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13400824939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8278723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8278723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13334696075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13409103662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13334696075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13409103662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753032.567780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755699.821745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 689893.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689893.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 752989.783443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755655.320485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 752989.783443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755655.320485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        33722                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.930548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         198598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        35770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.552083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.636132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.788241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1839.614258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         202.891917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.898249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.099068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 39436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  39469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39468                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 39469                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               33686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                33722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33680                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               33722                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75687319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31755490890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31831178209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51031178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51031178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75687319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31806522068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31882209387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75687319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31806522068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31882209387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             73122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              73191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             73191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802079.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 943867.878076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944937.903254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1417532.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1417532.722222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802079.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 944374.170665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945442.422958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802079.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 944374.170665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945442.422958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           33722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          33722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71998961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28800932793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28872931754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47870378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47870378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71998961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28848803171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28920802132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71998961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28848803171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28920802132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714260.976190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856049.601504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857119.626967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1329732.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1329732.722222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714260.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856555.913628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857624.166182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1714260.976190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856555.913628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857624.166182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        33689                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.929580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         198757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        35737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.561659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.769349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.801745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1837.181191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         205.177294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.897061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.100184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 39498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12518                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12518                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  39533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        39532                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 39533                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               33654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                33689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33648                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               33689                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74172399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31750052088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31824224487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50863181                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50863181                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74172399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31800915269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    31875087668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74172399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31800915269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   31875087668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             73152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              73222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             73222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1809082.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944576.565257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945629.776163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1453233.742857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1453233.742857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1809082.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945105.660634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946157.133426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1809082.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945105.660634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946157.133426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           33689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          33689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70572599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28798599036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28869171635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47790090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47790090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70572599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28846389126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28916961725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70572599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28846389126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28916961725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1721282.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856769.673519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857822.892821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1365431.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1365431.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1721282.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857298.773359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858350.254534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1721282.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857298.773359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858350.254534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11633                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.451614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         187683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.718515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.964708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.101988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.867190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.517729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.737240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28225                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28227                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11587                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11629                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9376104416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9462652615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9376104416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9462652615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9376104416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9462652615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             39705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809191.716234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813711.635996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809191.716234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813711.635996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 809191.716234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813711.635996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5090                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5090                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8357485627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440346226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8357485627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440346226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8357485627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440346226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721343.485845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725863.968524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721343.485845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725863.968524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 721343.485845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725863.968524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        11598                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.462626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         187618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        13646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        13.748937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.980493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.086078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1509.697165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         505.698890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.737157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.246923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 28028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  28175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28173                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 28175                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               11594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                11594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11553                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               11594                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90264159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9540144242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9630408401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90264159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9540144242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     9630408401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90264159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9540144242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    9630408401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             39622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              39769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             39769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.290817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.290817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2201564.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825772.028218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830637.260738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2201564.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825772.028218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830637.260738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2201564.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825772.028218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830637.260738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           11593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          11593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86661519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8524934383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8611595902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86661519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8524934383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8611595902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     86661519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8524934383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8611595902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.291872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.290792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.290792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2113695.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737961.771382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742827.214871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2113695.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737961.771382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742827.214871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2113695.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737961.771382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742827.214871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        11634                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         187686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        13682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.717731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.978784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.994188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1509.821305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         505.666390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.737217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.246907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28225                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28227                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               11630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                11630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11589                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               11630                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353791786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9440351138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353791786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     9440351138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86559352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9353791786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    9440351138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             39709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              39857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             39857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807126.739667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811724.087532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807126.739667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811724.087532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2111203.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 807126.739667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811724.087532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5091                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           11629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          11629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335640569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418599155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335640569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418599155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82958586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8335640569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8418599155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.292139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719333.842682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723931.477771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719333.842682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723931.477771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2023380.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 719333.842682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723931.477771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17839                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.502876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         224286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.278021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.274788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.831425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1651.771038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         360.625625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.176087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               18425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33760                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33761                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17796                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17832                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60840534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15030054538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15090895072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6649901                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6649901                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60840534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15036704439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15097544973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60840534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15036704439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15097544973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             51439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           18425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              51593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             51593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1690014.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 845002.222859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846709.031701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 738877.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 738877.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1690014.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844948.552428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846654.608176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1690014.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844948.552428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846654.608176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9697                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9697                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57679734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13468147879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13525827613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5859701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5859701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57679734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13474007580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13531687314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57679734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13474007580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13531687314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602214.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757190.525609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758897.358077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 651077.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 651077.888889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602214.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757136.861092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758842.940444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602214.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757136.861092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758842.940444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8451                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.234804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         210127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.014001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.206068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.475163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1385.804239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         617.749334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.676662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.301635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8563                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8563                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27724                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27726                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8450                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6960613018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7072318145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6960613018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7072318145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6960613018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7072318145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8563                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8563                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              36176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             36176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827363.962677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836960.727219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827363.962677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836960.727219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 827363.962677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836960.727219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6220869134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6329316332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6220869134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6329316332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6220869134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6329316332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 739435.294663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749031.518580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 739435.294663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749031.518580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 739435.294663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749031.518580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17818                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.840768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.602638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.782485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.799077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1665.305081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         349.954125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.813137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.170876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33869                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33870                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13979782704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14061351612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13979782704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14061351612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13979782704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14061351612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786176.060286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789165.541138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786176.060286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789165.541138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786176.060286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789165.541138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12418470513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12496878621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12418470513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12496878621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12418470513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12496878621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698373.102744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701362.589572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698373.102744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701362.589572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698373.102744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701362.589572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        33675                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.931967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         198667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        35723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.561319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.635405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.769763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1838.557868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         203.968931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.897733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.099594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 39416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               12511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  39449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39448                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 39449                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               33639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                33675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33635                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               33675                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77523112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31918164296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31995687408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53307988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     53307988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77523112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31971472284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    32048995396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77523112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31971472284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   32048995396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             73055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           12511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              73124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             73124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1938077.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 949973.638977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951148.589673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1480777.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1480777.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1938077.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950541.765542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951714.785330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1938077.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950541.765542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951714.785330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           33675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          33675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74010240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28967364597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29041374837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50147188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50147188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74010240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29017511785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29091522025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74010240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29017511785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29091522025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1850256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862149.605554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863324.558905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1392977.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392977.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1850256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862717.757842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863890.780252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1850256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862717.757842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863890.780252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        11606                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.443571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         187635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        13654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.742127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.098692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1509.945421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         505.441998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.737278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.246798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28189                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28191                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               11602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                11602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11560                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               11602                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9513255017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9591715062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9513255017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     9591715062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9513255017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    9591715062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             39641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              39793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             39793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 822945.935727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826729.448543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 822945.935727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826729.448543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 822945.935727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826729.448543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5081                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5081                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           11601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          11601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8497500386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572272831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8497500386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572272831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8497500386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572272831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735141.481616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738925.336695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735141.481616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738925.336695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735141.481616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738925.336695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        11627                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.444233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         187675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        13675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.723949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.101183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1509.933639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         505.452088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.737272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.246803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28221                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28223                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               11624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                11624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11582                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               11624                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9372274901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9467035524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9372274901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9467035524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94760623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9372274901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9467035524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             39695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              39847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             39847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809210.404162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814438.706469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809210.404162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814438.706469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2256205.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 809210.404162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814438.706469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           11623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          11623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8354743470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8445816493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8354743470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8445816493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91073023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8354743470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8445816493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721418.139194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726646.863374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721418.139194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726646.863374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2168405.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721418.139194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726646.863374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        28714                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.595627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         156497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        30762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.087348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.676778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.345232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1649.542831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         382.030786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.805441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 35641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7595                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35731                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35732                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               28678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                28706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28666                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               28706                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59125627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26671852891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26730978518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25130654                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25130654                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59125627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26696983545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    26756109172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59125627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26696983545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   26756109172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             64319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7595                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              64438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             64438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1478140.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931344.817760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932107.487203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 897523.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897523.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1478140.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931311.782076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932073.753640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1478140.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931311.782076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932073.753640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           28706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          28706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24156834867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24212447184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22671557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22671557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24179506424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24235118741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55612317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24179506424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24235118741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1390307.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843523.809868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844286.462933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809698.464286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809698.464286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1390307.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843490.770390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844252.725597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1390307.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843490.770390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844252.725597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17875                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.509258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         224348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        11.260754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.211954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.877343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1654.264704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         358.155257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.174880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 33691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               18411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33835                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17830                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17867                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14988556946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15056201105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6386345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6386345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14994943291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15062587450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67644159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14994943291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15062587450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             51550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           18411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              51703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        51665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             51703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841014.305128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843059.583683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 798293.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798293.125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840995.136904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843039.539374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828220.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840995.136904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843039.539374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               9716                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    9716                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64394560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13423571807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13487966367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5683945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64394560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13429255752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13493650312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     64394560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13429255752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13493650312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740393.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753202.323364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755247.570805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 710493.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710493.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740393.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753183.160516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755227.531874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740393.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753183.160516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755227.531874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.882423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010711313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715978.460102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.491838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10703423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10703423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10703423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10703491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10703491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10703491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432112444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5902.207889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27997931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27997931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43327806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43327806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43327806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43327806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132525697261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132525697261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220582340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    220582340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132746279601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132746279601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132746279601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132746279601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28264411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28264411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43594562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43594562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497319.488371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497319.488371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 799211.376812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799211.376812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497631.841837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497631.841837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497631.841837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497631.841837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34983606968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34983606968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58891345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58891345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35042498313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35042498313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35042498313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35042498313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479970.460686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479970.460686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 853497.753623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853497.753623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480323.733661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480323.733661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480323.733661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480323.733661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              580.579789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1010710886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1727710.916239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.549775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.030014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.063381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10702996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10702996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10702996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10702996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10702996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10702996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101770830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101770830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101770830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101770830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101770830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101770830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10703055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10703055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10703055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10703055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10703055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10703055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724929.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1724929.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724929.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1724929.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724929.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1724929.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75298133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75298133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75298133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75298133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75298133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75298133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1792812.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792812.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1792812.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792812.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1792812.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792812.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                73031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              432147601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                73287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5896.647441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.883696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.116304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     28023439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28023439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15339484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15339484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43362923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       43362923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43362923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      43362923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       267635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       267908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       267908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       267908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       267908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132601352917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132601352917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193531307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    193531307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132794884224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132794884224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132794884224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132794884224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     28291074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28291074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15339757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15339757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43630831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43630831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43630831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43630831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495455.949024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495455.949024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708905.886447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 708905.886447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495673.455903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495673.455903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495673.455903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495673.455903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       194671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       194875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       194875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34999366778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34999366778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53780430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53780430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35053147208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35053147208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35053147208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35053147208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 479679.935009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479679.935009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779426.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779426.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 479963.129106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479963.129106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 479963.129106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479963.129106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.501466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982971966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1893972.959538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.501466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11292625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11292625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11292625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167116718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3223.453399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.048612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.951388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7957020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7957020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6731559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6731559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14688579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14688579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14688579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14688579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  73823634740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73823634740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3527747657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3527747657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77351382397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77351382397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77351382397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77351382397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8133591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8133591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6737167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6737167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14870758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14870758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14870758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14870758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418096.033550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418096.033550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 629056.286912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629056.286912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 424590.004320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424590.004320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 424590.004320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424590.004320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42949748                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 511306.523810                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       125139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17244205802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17244205802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18781537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18781537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17262987339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17262987339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17262987339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17262987339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335281.649596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335281.649596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120394.467949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120394.467949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334631.839556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334631.839556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334631.839556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334631.839556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              580.581938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010729776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1724794.839590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.150078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.431860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.064343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.866077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10721886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10721886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10721886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10721886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10721886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10721886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98737322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98737322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98737322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98737322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98737322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98737322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10721948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10721948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10721948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1592537.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1592537.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1592537.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1592537.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1592537.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1592537.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76116452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76116452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76116452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76116452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76116452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76116452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770150.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770150.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770150.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770150.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770150.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770150.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                73148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432217627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                73404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5888.202646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.883019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.116981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28064878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28064878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15368094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15368094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43432972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43432972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43432972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43432972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       268415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       268415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132039087233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132039087233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202432099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    202432099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132241519332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132241519332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132241519332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132241519332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28333010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28333010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15368377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15368377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43701387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43701387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43701387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43701387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492440.615939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492440.615939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 715307.770318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 715307.770318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492675.593137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492675.593137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492675.593137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492675.593137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34727748521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34727748521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53528147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53528147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34781276668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34781276668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34781276668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34781276668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475208.315946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475208.315946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 775770.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775770.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475491.833926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475491.833926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475491.833926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475491.833926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              580.149248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1010731902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1727746.841026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.032062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.117186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10724012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10724012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10724012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10724012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108916060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108916060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108916060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108916060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108916060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108916060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10724070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10724070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10724070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10724070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1877863.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1877863.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1877863.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1877863.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1877863.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1877863.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74586194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74586194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74586194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74586194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74586194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74586194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775861.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775861.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775861.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775861.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775861.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1775861.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                73180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              432247352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                73436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5886.041614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.884316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.115684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     28082733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28082733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15379968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15379968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43462701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       43462701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43462701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      43462701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       268689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       268689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       268689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131770680018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131770680018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    186165441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    186165441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131956845459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131956845459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131956845459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131956845459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     28351152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28351152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15380238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15380238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43731390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43731390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43731390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43731390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490914.130587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490914.130587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 689501.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 689501.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491113.687047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491113.687047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491113.687047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491113.687047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       195509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        73180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34726128877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34726128877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     53552887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53552887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34779681764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34779681764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34779681764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34779681764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474984.665258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474984.665258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 765041.242857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765041.242857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475262.117573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475262.117573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475262.117573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475262.117573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.115835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982352362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1892779.117534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.115835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11902000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11902000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11902000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11902000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11902051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11902051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11902051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11902051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              161748717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                40068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4036.855271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.856148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.143852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8199822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8199822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6903233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6903233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15103055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15103055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15103055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15103055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       128169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       128169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42476190031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42476190031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     75445279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75445279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42551635310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42551635310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42551635310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42551635310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8327099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8327099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6904125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6904125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15231224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15231224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15231224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15231224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333730.289298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333730.289298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84579.909193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84579.909193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331996.311979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331996.311979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331996.311979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331996.311979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11301552932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11301552932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9762884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9762884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11311315816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11311315816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11311315816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11311315816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284953.806813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284953.806813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64654.860927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64654.860927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284118.251181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284118.251181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284118.251181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284118.251181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.059325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              982337136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1896403.737452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.059325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11886774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11886774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11886774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11886774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11886774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11886774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100078512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100078512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100078512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100078512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100078512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100078512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11886823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11886823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11886823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11886823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11886823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11886823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2042418.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2042418.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2042418.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2042418.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2042418.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2042418.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       273980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       273980                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90751666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90751666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90751666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90751666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90751666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90751666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2110503.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2110503.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2110503.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2110503.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2110503.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2110503.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                39726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              161715580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4044.709619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.860393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.139607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8181628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8181628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6888531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6888531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15070159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15070159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15070159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15070159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       127187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       128047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       128047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42903167877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42903167877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72603958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72603958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42975771835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42975771835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42975771835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42975771835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8308815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8308815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6889391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6889391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15198206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15198206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15198206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15198206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 337323.530526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337323.530526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84423.206977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84423.206977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335624.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335624.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335624.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335624.980164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11462283350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11462283350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9502438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9502438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11471785788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11471785788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11471785788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11471785788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 289605.178251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289605.178251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64642.435374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64642.435374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 288772.737955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288772.737955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 288772.737955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288772.737955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.175066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982354887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1896438.005792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.175066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11904525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11904525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11904525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11904525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11904525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11904525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97061928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97061928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11904575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11904575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11904575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11904575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11904575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11904575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1941238.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87041560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87041560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2024222.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                39813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              161750457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                40069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4036.797949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.858367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.141633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8201042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8201042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6903738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6903738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15104780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15104780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15104780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15104780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       127447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       128315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       128315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       128315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42178218128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42178218128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73233032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42251451160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42251451160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  42251451160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42251451160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8328489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8328489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6904606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6904606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17738                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15233095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15233095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15233095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15233095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330947.124122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330947.124122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84369.852535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329279.126836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329279.126836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 329279.126836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329279.126836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11279064757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11279064757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11288619842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11288619842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11288619842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11288619842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 284350.949352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284350.949352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64561.385135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283533.928819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283533.928819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 283533.928819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283533.928819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.409413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982964659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1893958.880539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.409413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11285318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11285318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11285318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11285318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11285318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11285318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92315194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92315194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92315194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92315194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92315194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92315194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11285372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11285372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11285372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11285372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11285372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11285372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709540.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1709540.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709540.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1709540.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709540.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1709540.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61235542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61235542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61235542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61235542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61235542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61235542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655014.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655014.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655014.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655014.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1655014.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1655014.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                51555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167108317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                51811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3225.344367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.189807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.810193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7954466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7954466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6726035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6726035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14680501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14680501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14680501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14680501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       181616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       181616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  73697156825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73697156825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3394137617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3394137617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77091294442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77091294442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77091294442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77091294442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8130642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8130642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6731475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6731475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14862117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14862117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14862117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14862117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 418315.530067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418315.530067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 623922.356066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623922.356066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424474.134669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424474.134669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424474.134669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424474.134669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     34672803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 438896.240506                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       124774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17386981433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17386981433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16133065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16133065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17403114498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17403114498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17403114498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17403114498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338254.959593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338254.959593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104760.162338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104760.162338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337557.500543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337557.500543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337557.500543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337557.500543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              493.625859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              985793443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1995533.285425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.625859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12209882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12209882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12209882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12209882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12209935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12209935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12209935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12209935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              159756010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                36393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4389.745555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.416018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.583982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9740091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9740091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7235720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7235720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16975811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16975811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16975811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16975811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        95041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        95041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21128587914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21128587914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    137681982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137681982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21266269896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21266269896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21266269896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21266269896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9832983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9832983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7237869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7237869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17070852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17070852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17070852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17070852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227453.256621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227453.256621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64067.930200                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64067.930200                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223758.902958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223758.902958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223758.902958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223758.902958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        56966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8820204315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8820204315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15413239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15413239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8835617554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835617554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8835617554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835617554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245510.335551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245510.335551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73048.526066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73048.526066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244503.349863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244503.349863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244503.349863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244503.349863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              560.809166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              899275632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1594460.340426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.701247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.107919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11459785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11459785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11459785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11459785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11459785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11459785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11459833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11459833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11459833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11459833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11459833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11459833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              217522112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4190.693022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.289578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.710422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.782381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16858547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16858547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3237156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20095703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20095703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20095703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20095703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80814466308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80814466308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25644062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25644062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80840110370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80840110370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80840110370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80840110370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17041060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17041060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3237453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20278513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20278513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20278513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20278513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442787.452444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442787.452444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86343.643098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86343.643098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442208.360429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442208.360429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442208.360429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442208.360429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16343401169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16343401169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4301100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4301100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16347702269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16347702269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16347702269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16347702269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316824.680993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316824.680993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65168.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65168.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316503.112602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316503.112602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316503.112602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316503.112602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.249132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1010718810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1730682.893836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.219099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.030033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10710920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10710920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10710920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10710920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10710920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10710920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    115498964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115498964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    115498964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115498964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    115498964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115498964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10710981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10710981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10710981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10710981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10710981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10710981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1893425.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1893425.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1893425.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1893425.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1893425.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1893425.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77930102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77930102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77930102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77930102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77930102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77930102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1900734.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900734.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1900734.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900734.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1900734.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900734.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                73083                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              432177883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                73339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5892.879409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.884674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.115326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     28038767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28038767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15354473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15354473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43393240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       43393240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43393240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      43393240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       267982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       268238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       268238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       268238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       268238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132315288006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132315288006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197906020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    197906020                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132513194026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132513194026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132513194026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132513194026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     28306749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28306749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15354729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15354729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43661478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43661478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43661478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43661478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493746.923323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493746.923323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 773070.390625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 773070.390625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 494013.503031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494013.503031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 494013.503031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494013.503031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           12511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       194968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       195155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       195155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34888692800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34888692800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     55793278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55793278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34944486078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34944486078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34944486078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34944486078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477835.658915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477835.658915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 808598.231884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808598.231884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478147.942449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478147.942449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478147.942449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478147.942449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.117842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              982336351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1892748.267823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    43.117842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.069099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11885989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11885989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11885989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11885989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11885989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11885989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11886040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11886040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11886040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11886040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11886040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11886040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                39749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              161724476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                40005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4042.606574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.857724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.142276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8186500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8186500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6892371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6892371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15078871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15078871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15078871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15078871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       128111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       128111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42990230929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42990230929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     75950646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75950646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  43066181575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43066181575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  43066181575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43066181575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8313711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8313711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6893271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6893271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15206982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15206982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15206982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15206982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337944.288851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337944.288851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84389.606667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84389.606667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 336163.027180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336163.027180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 336163.027180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336163.027180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11436070442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11436070442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9791379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9791379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11445861821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11445861821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11445861821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11445861821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 288811.537288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288811.537288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64416.967105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.967105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 287953.453445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287953.453445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 287953.453445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287953.453445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.116866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982354235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1892782.726397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.116866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11903873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11903873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11903873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11903873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11903873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11903873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106900807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11903924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11903924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11903924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11903924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11903924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11903924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2096094.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95269633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165218.931818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              161745410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                40058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4037.780468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.860051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.139949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8197484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6902021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6902021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15099505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15099505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15099505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15099505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       127338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       128238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       128238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42319387720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42319387720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76171774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76171774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42395559494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42395559494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42395559494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42395559494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8324822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8324822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6902921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6902921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15227743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15227743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15227743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15227743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332339.032496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332339.032496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84635.304444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84635.304444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330600.598060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330600.598060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 330600.598060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330600.598060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11297303806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11297303806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9808861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9808861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11307112667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11307112667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11307112667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11307112667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284918.509142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284918.509142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64531.980263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64531.980263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284076.895385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284076.895385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284076.895385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284076.895385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.201389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987038717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1858829.975518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.201389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10935202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10935202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10935202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10935202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10935202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10935202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83543362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83543362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83543362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83543362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83543362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83543362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10935263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10935263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10935263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10935263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10935263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10935263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369563.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1369563.311475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369563.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1369563.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1369563.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1369563.311475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59537780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59537780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59537780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59537780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59537780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59537780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1452140.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452140.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1452140.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452140.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1452140.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452140.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175191605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2709.721204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.287608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.712392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7573850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7573850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6273484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6273484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13847334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13847334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13847334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13847334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       167836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       168696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       168696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  74153971035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74153971035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328943340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328943340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  74482914375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74482914375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  74482914375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74482914375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7741686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7741686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6274344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6274344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14637                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14637                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14016030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14016030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14016030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14016030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441823.989102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441823.989102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 382492.255814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382492.255814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441521.520220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441521.520220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441521.520220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441521.520220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       171531                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       171531                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29250177035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29250177035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31237011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31237011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29281414046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29281414046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29281414046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29281414046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 455057.360761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455057.360761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 262495.890756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262495.890756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 454701.524077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454701.524077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 454701.524077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454701.524077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.368562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982972905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1890332.509615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.368562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.058283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11293564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11293564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11293564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11293564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11293564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11293564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100994243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100994243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11293620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11293620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11293620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11293620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11293620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11293620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1803468.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68047319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68047319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790718.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                51665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167125199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                51921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3218.836290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.195512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.804488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7962912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7962912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6734425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6734425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14697337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14697337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14697337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14697337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       176544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       182066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       182066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       182066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73743957333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73743957333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3334585849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3334585849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  77078543182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77078543182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  77078543182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77078543182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8139456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8139456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6739947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6739947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14879403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14879403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14879403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14879403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 417708.658085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417708.658085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 603872.844803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 603872.844803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 423354.954698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423354.954698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 423354.954698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423354.954698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     32435286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 377154.488372                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           18411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        51665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17351164346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17351164346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15879158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15879158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17367043504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17367043504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17367043504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17367043504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336837.326176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336837.326176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103785.346405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103785.346405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336147.169341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336147.169341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336147.169341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336147.169341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
