
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10688440167                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535516033704                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   508328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40005.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16055427310                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20335901746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       378624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       175744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       271744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       265984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       179072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       174848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       394624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       245632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       138752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       139904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       389248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       389504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4400512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1212544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1212544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       395193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     35423691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16442437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25424103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       395193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24885203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16753801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       455071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16358608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36920635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       443096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22981089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       443096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16526266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12981501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       395193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13089281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36417662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34705158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36285931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       443096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36441613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       479022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23292454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               411707595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       395193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       395193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       431120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       455071                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       431120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       443096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       443096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       395193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       431120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       419144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       443096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       479022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6778164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113444430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113444430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113444430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       395193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     35423691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       431120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16442437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       335316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25424103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       395193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24885203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       431120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16753801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       455071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16358608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       431120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36920635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       443096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22981089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       443096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16526266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       419144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12981501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       395193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13089281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       431120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36417662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       419144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34705158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       431120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36285931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       443096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36441613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       479022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23292454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              525152025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2079728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816388                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20189212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2079728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2471185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        599567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       357980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1243704                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23407743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20936558     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133170      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210033      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336380      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139495      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155191      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166754      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109660      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220502      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23407743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081139                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460767                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       20001065                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       547940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2463351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340784                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417129                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20032794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        175605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       281057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        90691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4687                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20001412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67016958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67016958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2977397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          274282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168909                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387975                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13598961                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1860038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4159593                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23407743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17675961     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299964      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255814      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859696      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803266      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228973      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180631      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60938      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42500      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23407743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3242     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9873     38.62%     51.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12447     48.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11392026     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215116      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257072      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733101      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13598961                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530551                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50648666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16251890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13376427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13624523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40210                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        119975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       237441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13402658                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884616                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732758                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13376657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13376427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7820492                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20433399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2134558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209813                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23018651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18039720     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412323     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939450      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505737      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377402      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211558      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130956      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116417      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285088      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23018651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285088                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37125247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29172640                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                328182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2224009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.563175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.563175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60434488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18543356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13447174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2116383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20396149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11827165                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2116383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1050099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2468850                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        568627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       458710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1249093                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       208963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23680695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21211845     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         115102      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182589      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         247548      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         254240      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         215839      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         120072      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         179735      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1153725      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23680695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20191254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       665634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2464314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       356727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       348432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14514289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       356727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20246836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        137241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       402224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2412211                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       125453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14508338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        16572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        54966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20247370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67485511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67485511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17554033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2693332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          378921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1360140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       735347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       221005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14489741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13766612                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1595058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3802864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23680695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17818472     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2439706     10.30%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1229057      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       900802      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710435      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       290057      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183638      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95691      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12837      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23680695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2529     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8430     36.56%     47.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12100     52.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11579371     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204833      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1725      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1247787      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732896      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13766612                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.537092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23059                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51239045                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16088472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13557201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13789671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       356727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        109877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14493378                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1360140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       735347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10164                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       238463                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13574313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1906728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1929478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           732834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529590                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13557337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13557201                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7782734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20973116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371081                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10232687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12591228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1902157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3479                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       211339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23323968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18127731     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2590274     11.11%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964719      4.14%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460325      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       407747      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223794      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182965      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88511      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       277902      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23323968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10232687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12591228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1865547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1140198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1736                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1815617                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11344645                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       259336                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       277902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37539386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29343521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                310452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1951057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10232687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12591228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10232687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.504890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.504890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.399219                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.399219                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       61093397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18887193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13453376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3476                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1938683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1314288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279272                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4605                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20563228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11015896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1938683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1392644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2455279                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        516671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       308993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1246134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153465                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23686690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21231411     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378228      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         185564      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         374548      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         115622      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         348448      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53756      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86709      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         912404      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23686690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075636                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.429775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20363368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       513918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2450217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       357183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       179100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1984                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12284134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4750                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       357183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20386452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        307821                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       134807                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2427573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        72850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12264805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        56259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16031770                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55525674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55525674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12934066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3097678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1610                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          166494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2249446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       350154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12200356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11405988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7764                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2252160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4621953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23686690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18686655     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555701      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1695267      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973707      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498912      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124868      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145251      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3494      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2835      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23686690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18873     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7755     23.55%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6308     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8920367     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87029      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051140     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346663      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11405988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.444994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32936                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46539365                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14454173                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11111501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11438924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8777                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9063                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       357183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        221957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12201986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2249446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       165780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11262888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022171                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2368780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1715275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           346609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.439412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11114585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11111501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6728652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14516781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.433505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463509                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8847765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9931944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       155495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23329507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19646324     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436527      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931486      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293084      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492231      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93833      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59583      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53906      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322533      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23329507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8847765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9931944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2122150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1781059                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1526341                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8671225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       121463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       322533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35209415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24762446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1945062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8847765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9931944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8847765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.896975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.896975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.345188                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.345188                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52401950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14443802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13099769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1939029                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1735783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1281054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4646                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20575584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11021935                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1939029                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1394449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2457580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        515675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       304333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1246527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23696153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21238573     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         378653      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         186155      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         375525      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         115288      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         349260      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          53822      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86183      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         912694      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23696153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20377556                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       507409                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2452554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178320                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1984                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12290283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4717                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20400421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        302780                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       133920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2430116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        72263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12271065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        55775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16038647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55557378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55557378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12945363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3093271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          166393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2252395                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       350350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        78834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12207113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11412860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2249787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4622186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23696153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18693181     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554761      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1698257      7.17%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975309      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498044      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125274      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145035      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3434      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2858      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23696153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18662     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7759     23.71%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6307     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8924085     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87037      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2054076     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346873      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11412860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.445263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32728                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46562183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14458549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11118794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11445588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468482                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        218209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12208735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2252395                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       165132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11270016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2024840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142844                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2371660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1716076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           346820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.439690                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11121838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11118794                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6734666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14525882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.433790                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8857330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9941509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2267722                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       155032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23339504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19653249     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1437459      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932553      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293315      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492445      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93795      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59681      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53898      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323109      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23339504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8857330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9941509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2125004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1783911                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1527935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8679200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       121465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       323109                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35225587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24775410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                465533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1935599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8857330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9941509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8857330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.893846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.893846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.345561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.345561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52440146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14450551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13108812                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2114166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1729809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831929                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218541                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20390056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11815210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2114166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1050470                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2466958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        569273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       458118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1249124                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209299                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23672399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21205441     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         115361      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182856      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         247080      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         254068      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         214933      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120804      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         179838      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1152018      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23672399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20184926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       665299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2462419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       357008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       347770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14499741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       357008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20240519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        136946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       402436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2410315                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       125172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14493868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20228389                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67420756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67420756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17535893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2692485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          378347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       734721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       214897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14475127                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13752104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1594716                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          141                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23672399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17820126     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2432744     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225540      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901729      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710898      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289679      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183427      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95504      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12752      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23672399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2534     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8409     36.52%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12083     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11566571     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204595      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1247024      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732190      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13752104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23026                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51201683                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16073510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13542574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13775130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10087                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       357008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        109681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14478764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121826                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       239104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13559794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172909                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1905035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1927198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           732126                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529023                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13542712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13542574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7773895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20949575                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10222159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12578338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1900430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       211708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18128217     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2583862     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964726      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459179      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404788      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223803      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184442      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88324      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278050      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10222159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12578338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1863685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1139051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1813775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11333050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       259085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       278050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37516044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29314573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                310899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1959353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10222159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12578338                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10222159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.507470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.507470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61029590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18867475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13439907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2114775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1730586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       890766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20390726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11817536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2114775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1049905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2467667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        569738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       459711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1249204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23675838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21208171     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         115416      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         183125      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         246818      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         254437      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         215795      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         119966      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         179293      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1152817      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23675838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20185930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       666511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2463200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       357474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       347620                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14502898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       357474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20241472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        137072                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       403765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2411153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14497170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        54750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20232874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     67435962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     67435962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17537002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2695872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1875                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          377075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1359732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       734740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       179254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14478714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13752165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2036                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1598009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3819050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23675838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17850505     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2399882     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215300      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       912499      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       716764      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289305      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183146      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95767      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12670      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23675838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2509     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8428     36.55%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12122     52.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11567030     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204660      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246603      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732148      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13752165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23059                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51205263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16080390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13542814                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13775224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27399                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       357474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        109945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14482351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1359732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117550                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       239195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13559864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1904825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1927253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           732087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13542943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13542814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7775110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20952975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10222795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12579125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1903238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       211707                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23318364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18153100     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2562428     10.99%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       966712      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459937      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390578      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222897      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       193529      0.83%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87973      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       281210      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23318364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10222795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12579125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1863803                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1139130                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1813899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11333744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       259098                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       281210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37519452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29322218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                310918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1955914                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10222795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12579125                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10222795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.507314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.507314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398833                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398833                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       61029755                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18868515                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13442161                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2000014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1804337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       748486                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21172540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12581677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2000014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       821411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2486257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        336454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       471925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1217179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24357918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21871661     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          88170      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         181615      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          75501      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         412124      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         367799      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          70387      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         149494      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1141167      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24357918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078029                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490863                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21053704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       592396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2476922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       226945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       175736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14753951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       226945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21076075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        413055                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       110842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2463902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        67096                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14745532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        24582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          362                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17320880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     69445578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     69445578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15322304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1998570                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          172883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3476540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1756711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16390                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        85405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14713874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14130906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7507                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1160063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2799553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24357918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19342062     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498301      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234002      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531678      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676635      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654749      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372727      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29192      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18572      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24357918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35903     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279121     86.39%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8059      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8866860     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123416      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3387374     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1752412     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14130906                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.551305                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52950320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15876041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14008900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14453989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138167                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          382                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       226945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        376897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14715611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3476540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1756711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          382                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       124794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14031123                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3375859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5128094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1837918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1752235                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14009471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14008900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7567248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14912161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546545                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11373104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13364942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1351961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       108729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24130973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19286907     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765956      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829203      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820056      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222953      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954651      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71379      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51873      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127995      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24130973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11373104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13364942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5083691                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3338370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1764631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11884733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       127995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38719842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29660789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                466292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1273834                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11373104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13364942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11373104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.253716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.253716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443712                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443712                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       69360126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16273447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17558913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2085389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213402                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19945028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11850026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2085389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1028311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2605925                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        584465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       645009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1230086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23570317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20964392     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280027      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         326788      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         179908      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         209269      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         114011      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77754      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         201710      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1216458      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23570317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19785075                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       808486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2584919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19636                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       372199                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       337668                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14463553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       372199                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19815375                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        262127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       459892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2575447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14454387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20091186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67302538                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67302538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17153031                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2938150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          232110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       750956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19821                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14431965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13637731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1799786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4165715                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23570317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17820752     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2315282      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242480      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859006      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751169      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384091      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92208      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60540      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44789      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23570317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3433     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12566     42.98%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13238     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11418200     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213100      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259445      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745316      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13637731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.532064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29237                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50892881                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13412482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13666968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243493                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       372199                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        214678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14435769                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119581                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       235682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13436179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1928762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1880633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           745088                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.524201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13412822                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13412482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7973080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20881612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10073211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12358883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       207874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23198117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18148578     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342317     10.10%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980687      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588754      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409410      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263921      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136966      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109983      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217501      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23198117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10073211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12358883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1872296                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1136758                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1768811                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11142061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       251494                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       217501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37416497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29244117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                306852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2061435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10073211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12358883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10073211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.544546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.544546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60614606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18617532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13500222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2116074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1731466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       891689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20391603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11823032                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2116074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1049387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2467255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        569580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       462982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1248974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23679737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21212482     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         114978      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182173      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         246331      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         254615      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         215532      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         120062      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         180388      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1153176      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23679737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20186034                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       670513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2462751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       357636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       348112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14510164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       357636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20241641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        139094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       404876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2410633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       125854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14504597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        55168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20241420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67468148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67468148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17543693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2697723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1818                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          380369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1359802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       734842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8542                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       213101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14485639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13759270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1599375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3817986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23679737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17825559     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2433474     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226031      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       900812      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       711488      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       290151      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183772      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95641      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12809      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23679737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2507     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8424     36.56%     47.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12112     52.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11573714     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204717      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1724      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246718      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732397      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13759270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536806                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51223343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16088622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13549684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13782313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       357636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        111798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14489214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1359802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117432                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       238664                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13566792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1905068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1928092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           732338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13549823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13549684                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7778990                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20967220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528629                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10226658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12583885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1905338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3474                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       211383                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23322101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18133056     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584828     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964224      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460150      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405180      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223642      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184281      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88377      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278363      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23322101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10226658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12583885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1864468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1139544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1814588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11338025                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       259197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       278363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37532896                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29336103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                310659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1952015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10226658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12583885                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10226658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.506366                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.506366                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       61059631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18876568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13447741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2324545                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935485                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213866                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879635                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847709                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20220893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12751619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2324545                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1097636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2656811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        596328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       648217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1258134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23906426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21249615     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         162489      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         204408      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         327288      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         136662      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         175984      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         205406      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          94675      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1349899      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23906426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20101944                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       778871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2644123                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       380220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       353543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15587475                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       380220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20122835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       657599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2624460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        57088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15490730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21633393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     72030639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     72030639                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18056760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3576633                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          201261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1453089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       757640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15122605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14493824                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1863020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          154                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23906426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17767651     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2798671     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143925      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       642093      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868815      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269542      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263310      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141158      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11261      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23906426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100528     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13692     10.77%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12951     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12209916     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197860      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1329253      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       755004      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14493824                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            127171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53036901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16989495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14112944                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14620995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279423                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       380220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15126375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1453089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1962                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       246536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14239400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2061315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2012618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           754894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555538                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14113048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14112944                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8453418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22719018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10505042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12944705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2181744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       215468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23526206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18047122     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776915     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009079      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501085      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459289      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193083      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191151      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90956      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257526      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23526206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10505042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12944705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1919574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1173666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1876178                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11654584                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       267324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       257526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38395051                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30633131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                309528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1725326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10505042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12944705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10505042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.439948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.439948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       64065664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19721323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14412264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2325662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1936554                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9806                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20218952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12754070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2325662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1097518                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2657490                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        595371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       653826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1257737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23910241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21252751     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         162822      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         204705      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         326863      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         136999      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         176541      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         204887      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          94381      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1350292      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23910241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20100214                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       784208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2644820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       379695                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       353600                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15589263                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       379695                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20121023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       662474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2625304                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        57173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15492805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21636752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     72036924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     72036924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18065759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3570985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          200815                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       757384                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       170861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15122814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14496878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15411                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794407                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23910241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17770127     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799050     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1145635      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640920      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       869272      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268506      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       264204      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141260      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11267      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23910241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100236     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13703     10.80%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12953     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12213235     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197915      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1792      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1329012      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754924      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14496878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53046300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16985030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14116689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14623770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11099                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       379695                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15126550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757384                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125786                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       246258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14242682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2061560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2013553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           754833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555666                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14116783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14116689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8456270                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22719417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550750                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10510290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12951125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2175458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       215050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23530546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18048729     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2778644     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008710      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502059      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459435      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193073      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191198      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90993      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257705      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23530546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10510290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12951125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1920525                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1174240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1877076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11660390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       267454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       257705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38399346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30632876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                309157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1721511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10510290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12951125                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10510290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.438729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.438729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410050                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410050                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       64081276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19726623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14415293                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2000747                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1804838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4657                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21173940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12584944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2000747                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       822597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2487834                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        336106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       473760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1217152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106834                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24362452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21874618     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          88638      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         182139      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75600      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         412699      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         367955      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70374      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148894      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1141535      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24362452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21056062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       593295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2478556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       226666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14757311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       226666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21077849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        414562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       111559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2466016                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        65797                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14748395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          262                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17321230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     69459829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     69459829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15327744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1993431                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          168874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3478016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1757551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14717044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14136910                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1159323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2788186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24362452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19344096     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498394      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235639      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532118      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676709      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       655336      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372256      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29400      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18504      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24362452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35978     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279292     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8089      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8870049     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123496      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          845      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3389161     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1753359     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14136910                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.551539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52967249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15878512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14014534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14460269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          387                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1252                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       226666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        378078                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14718823                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3478016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1757551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          909                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          387                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14037106                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3377551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5130728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1838737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1753177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547645                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14015118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14014534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7570618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14919255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11377300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13369709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1350517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1708                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24135786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19289813     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1766741      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829501      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820728      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222924      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954606      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71421      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51886      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128166      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24135786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11377300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13369709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5085548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3339575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1765208                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11888985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       129383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       128166                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38727807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29667187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                466081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1269300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11377300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13369709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11377300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.252885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.252885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       69389369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16277403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17564482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1706                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2083273                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703575                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818088                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213597                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20203028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11826123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2083273                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1031685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2475020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        598329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       356687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1244200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23423251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20948231     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         133567      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210240      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         336673      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139988      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         156052      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166705      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109508      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1222287      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23423251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20016163                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       545367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2467066                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6415                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       388237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       341557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14437959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       388237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20047552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        175881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       278957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2442687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        89932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14429004                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        25003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4331                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20030202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67115806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67115806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17055317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2974881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2007                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          272115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1375405                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       738620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14408802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13620531                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17358                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1858995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4155976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          343                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23423251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17683937     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301644      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258148      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859784      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       805456      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       230083      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180769      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61054      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42376      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23423251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3215     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9878     38.67%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12454     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11410073     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215428      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1649      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259152      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       734229      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13620531                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531393                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25547                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50707218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16271618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13398312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13646078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       388237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        120539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14412493                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1375405                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118635                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       236837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13424525                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       196006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1917282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1887610                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           733896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523746                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13398537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13398312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7833153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20469576                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382673                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10018455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12279722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3326                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23035014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18049050     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2415282     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940718      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505703      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378823      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211409      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131125      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116424      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286480      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23035014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10018455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12279722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1841166                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1125629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1762822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11064782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249448                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       286480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37161021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29213372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                328057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2208501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10018455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12279722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10018455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.558454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.558454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60533396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18573675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13465564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1999411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1803779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       754045                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4694                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21179140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12580783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1999411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       822643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2486973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        335800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       473289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1217552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24365832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21878859     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          88576      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         181780      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          75736      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         412306      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         367829      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70706      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         149174      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1140866      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24365832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21061796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       592315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2477638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       226180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       175666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14753332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       226180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21083638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        412919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       111892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2465058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14744115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          502                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17316627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     69445141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     69445141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15326516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1990111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          169302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3478334                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1757488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        85877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14712661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14133694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1154667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2784378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24365832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19347970     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1499309      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234429      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532323      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676702      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       655147      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372212      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29177      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18563      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24365832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35835     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279288     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8074      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8866869     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123464      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3389360     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1753157     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14133694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.551413                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323197                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52964188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15869478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14011659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14456891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138847                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          387                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1251                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       226180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        376641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14714442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3478334                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1757488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          914                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12244                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          387                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61315                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       124814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14034272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3377912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5130887                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1838273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1752975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14012235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14011659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7569859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14917166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.546652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11376550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13368794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1346948                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1708                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       108842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24139652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19293925     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1766835      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829466      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820215      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223088      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954731      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71414      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51933      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128045      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24139652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11376550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13368794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5085398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3339487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1765072                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11888168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       129366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       128045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38727310                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29657702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                466375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1265920                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11376550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13368794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11376550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.253034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.253034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       69379245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16274535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17560444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1706                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1998432                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753258                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712672                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109902                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21181804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12568302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1998432                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       822574                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2485014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        334285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       470420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1217485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24362212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21877198     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          88415      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         180871      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          75748      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         412447      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         368572      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          71010      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         149042      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1138909      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24362212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077967                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.490341                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21063406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       590441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2475723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7915                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       224724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       175803                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14741114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       224724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       21085454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        412982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       109546                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2462983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        66520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14732337                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           59                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        27668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        24520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          489                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17299203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     69388087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     69388087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15325223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1973876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          171175                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3478055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1757536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16509                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        86322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14700915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14131439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1143007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2736565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24362212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19343537     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1500229      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1236000      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531842      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675816      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654539      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372589      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29089      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18571      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24362212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35867     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279242     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8072      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8865157     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123086      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3389085     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1753267     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14131439                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.551326                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52955857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15846029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14008920                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14454620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          387                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       224724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        376536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14702656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3478055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1757536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          387                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       124684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14031357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3377493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5130565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1838203                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1753072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.547421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14009465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14008920                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7567081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14911532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546546                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11375787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13367955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1335860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       108788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24137488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19292302     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1766126      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829897      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819855      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223106      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954803      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71619      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51923      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127857      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24137488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11375787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13367955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5085291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3339425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1764982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11887406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       129359                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       127857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           38713407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29632468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                466284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1269540                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11375787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13367955                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11375787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.253185                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.253185                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       69365734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16269851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      17547765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25631752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2084091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1709768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864206                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19939442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11844914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2084091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1027383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2605408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        585713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       642333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1229820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23562631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20957223     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         280840      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         327086      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         179512      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         208570      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         114040      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          77984      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         200765      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1216611      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23562631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19778392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       806924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2584196                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19833                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       373284                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       337194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14456909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11213                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       373284                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19809361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        259623                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       460462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2574241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        85658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14447152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        40412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20080123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67272351                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67272351                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17137553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2942522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3798                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          233203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       750421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       165242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14423451                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13627402                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4179386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23562631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17817526     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313732      9.82%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241008      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858755      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750241      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383757      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92465      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60326      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44821      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23562631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3470     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12633     43.03%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13253     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11408370     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212980      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259589      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744794      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13627402                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531661                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50864933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16230457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13401257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13656758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       373284                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        212119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13887                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14427277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116084                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       235970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13425544                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1927853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1878798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           744556                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13401579                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13401257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7968375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20867771                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10064249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12347783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2079699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       208017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23189347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18143992     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2340834     10.09%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       979784      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587893      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408734      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263946      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137092      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110092      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216980      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23189347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10064249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12347783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1870667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1135756                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1767182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11132094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251266                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       216980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37399784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29228290                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                307225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2069121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10064249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12347783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10064249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.546812                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.546812                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60568248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18602266                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13493836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34389                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.808716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1472563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.928477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           244.331755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.433602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1220.380691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.966562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   588.375660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.002118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   915.151440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.535385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   893.578317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.514200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   605.339728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.712951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   589.785727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.399280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1326.326076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.483906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   799.454078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.007066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   599.315280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.738028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   473.602022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.342514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   471.126844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.187129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1314.289329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.461849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1201.512050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.882540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1303.857544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.585844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1303.428421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.964645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   814.348942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1364.697110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           901.691469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1144.950402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1169.252191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           901.475372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           907.348498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1276.197620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1150.726005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           900.200957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           782.648913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           774.566158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1313.669517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1424.481620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1329.598007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1318.641562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1087.241790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.040476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.014378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.040109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.036667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.039791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.039777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.041647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.027517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.034941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.035683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.027511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.027690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.038946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.035117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.027472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.023885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.023638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.043472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.040576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.033180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18425                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5003499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    447907297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5459498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    207060361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4223135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319654858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5009479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    313047591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5515145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    210301328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5868727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206847926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5489363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    468453187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5569281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    288831712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5629163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    208703811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    163744142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5078976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    165729501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5367866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    463206195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5197897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    438322942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5418400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    459347145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5609017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462357194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6075825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    292363451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5201866239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       303951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       303628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       408053                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1015632                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5003499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    447907297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5459498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    207060361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4223135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319654858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5009479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    313047591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5515145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    210301328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5868727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206847926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5489363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    468757138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5569281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    289135340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5629163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    208703811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    163744142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5078976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    165729501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5367866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    463206195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5197897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    438322942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5418400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    459347145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5609017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462357194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6075825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    292771504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5202881871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5003499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    447907297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5459498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    207060361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4223135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319654858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5009479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    313047591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5515145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    210301328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5868727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    206847926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5489363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    468757138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5569281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    289135340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5629163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    208703811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    163744142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5078976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    165729501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5367866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    463206195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5197897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    438322942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5418400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    459347145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5609017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    462357194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6075825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    292771504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5202881871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               93841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18425                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                94053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               94053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.366279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.033019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.365528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.365528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151621.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151422.345166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151652.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150808.711580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150826.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150567.526142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151802.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150648.503850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153198.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150322.607577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154440.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151426.007321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152482.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152045.825057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150521.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150668.603026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152139.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151234.645652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151055.481550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153908.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151628.088747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149107.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152320.353502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148511.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151250.152519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150511.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151599.717822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151595.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151941.240223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151895.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150547.606076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151340.225736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       151814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 136017.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145090.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151621.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151422.345166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151652.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150808.711580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150826.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150567.526142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151802.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150648.503850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153198.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150322.607577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154440.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151426.007321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152482.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152045.779436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150521.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150669.796769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152139.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151234.645652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151055.481550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153908.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151628.088747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149107.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152320.353502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148511.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151250.152519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150511.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151599.717822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151595.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151941.240223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151895.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150525.194859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151338.953169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151621.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151422.345166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151652.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150808.711580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150826.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150567.526142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151802.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150648.503850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153198.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150322.607577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154440.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151426.007321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152482.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152045.779436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150521.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150669.796769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152139.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151234.645652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156352.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151055.481550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153908.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151628.088747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149107.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152320.353502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148511.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151250.152519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150511.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151599.717822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151595.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151941.240223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151895.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150525.194859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151338.953169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3079874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    275643271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3366564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127116606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195990278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3088011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191986688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3421952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128829810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3658824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    127311584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    289168320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3413683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177153608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128354561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    100638405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102077437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3273775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286264825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3159577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269578963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3323555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282972239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285264289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3747862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179235326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200633898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       187897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       187828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       232726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       608451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3079874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    275643271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3366564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127116606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195990278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3088011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191986688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3421952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128829810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3658824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    127311584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    289356217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3413683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177341436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128354561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    100638405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102077437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3273775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286264825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3159577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269578963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3323555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282972239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285264289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3747862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179468052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3201242349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3079874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    275643271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3366564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127116606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2594437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    195990278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3088011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    191986688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3421952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128829810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3658824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    127311584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3395251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    289356217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3413683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177341436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    128354561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3434416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    100638405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    102077437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3273775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    286264825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3159577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    269578963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3323555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282972239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    285264289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3747862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179468052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3201242349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.402121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.342053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.339801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.374231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.176471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.365528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.401302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.340779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.369410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.338538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.378887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.372419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93329.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93185.689993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93515.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92583.107065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92658.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92317.606218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93576.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92390.128970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95054.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92087.069335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96284.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93200.281113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94312.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93855.345667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92261.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92411.897757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93992.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93010.551449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92839.857011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95694.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93391.982617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90938.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94135.095363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90273.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93022.416494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92320.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93390.177888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93358.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93744.426224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93696.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92294.194645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93117.476376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93948.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        93914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77575.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86921.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93329.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93185.689993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93515.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92583.107065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92658.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92317.606218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93576.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92390.128970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95054.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92087.069335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96284.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93200.281113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94312.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93855.406098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92261.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92413.463262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93992.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93010.551449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92839.857011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95694.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93391.982617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90938.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94135.095363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90273.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93022.416494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92320.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93390.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93358.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93744.426224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93696.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92271.492031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93116.214811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93329.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93185.689993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93515.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92583.107065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92658.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92317.606218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93576.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92390.128970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95054.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92087.069335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96284.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93200.281113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94312.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93855.406098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92261.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92413.463262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93992.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93010.551449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98126.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92839.857011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95694.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93391.982617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90938.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94135.095363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90273.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93022.416494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92320.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93390.177888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93358.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93744.426224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93696.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92271.492031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93116.214811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              519.491928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001251708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1910785.702290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.491928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.047263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1243659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1243659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1243659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1243659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1243659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6803827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6803827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6803827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6803827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6803827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6803827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1243704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1243704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1243704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151196.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151196.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151196.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151196.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151196.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151196.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5445041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5445041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5445041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5445041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5445041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5445041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160148.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160148.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160148.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160148.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160148.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160148.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166552140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21837.175823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   227.952830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    28.047170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.890441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2212205082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2212205082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7382370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7382370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2219587452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2219587452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2219587452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2219587452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117946.528151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117946.528151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83890.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83890.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117787.489493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117787.489493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117787.489493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117787.489493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    776449964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776449964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       983688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       983688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    777433652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    777433652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    777433652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    777433652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105553.284937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105553.284937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65579.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65579.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105471.937593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105471.937593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105471.937593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105471.937593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.151043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              995512147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1940569.487329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.151043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1249045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1249045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1249045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1249045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1249045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7435517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7435517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7435517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7435517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7435517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7435517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1249093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1249093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1249093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154906.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154906.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154906.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154906.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154906.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154906.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6317552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6317552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6317552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6317552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6317552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6317552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166251.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166251.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166251.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166251.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166251.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166251.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151807650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35427.689615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   222.931136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    33.068864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.870825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.129175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       859239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       721935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1581174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1581174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1581174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1581174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1522523009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1522523009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7319317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7319317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1529842326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1529842326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1529842326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1529842326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       872143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       872143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       722022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       722022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1738                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1594165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1594165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1594165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1594165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117988.453890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117988.453890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84130.080460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84130.080460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117761.706258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117761.706258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117761.706258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117761.706258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8962                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    398376475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398376475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1024455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1024455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    399400930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    399400930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    399400930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    399400930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99246.755107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99246.755107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        68297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99131.528915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99131.528915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 99131.528915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99131.528915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              551.884653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915064642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1645799.715827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.821571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.063082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.041381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1246095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1246095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1246095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1246095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1246095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5809130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5809130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5809130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5809130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5809130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5809130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1246134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1246134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1246134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148952.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148952.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148952.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148952.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148952.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148952.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4683364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4683364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4683364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4683364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4683364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4683364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161495.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161495.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161495.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161495.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161495.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161495.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204295306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34032.201566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.589008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.410992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.721051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.278949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1851882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2191316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2191316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2196507426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2196507426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3814739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3814739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2200322165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2200322165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2200322165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2200322165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1872001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2211480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2211480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109175.775436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109175.775436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84771.977778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84771.977778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109121.313479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109121.313479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109121.313479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109121.313479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    586471365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586471365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       587101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    587058466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587058466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    587058466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587058466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102208.324329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102208.324329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65233.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65233.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102150.420393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102150.420393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102150.420393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102150.420393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              553.125030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915065030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1631131.960784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.179419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.945611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1246483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1246483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6818674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6818674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6818674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6818674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6818674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6818674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154969.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154969.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154969.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154969.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154969.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154969.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5567684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5567684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5567684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163755.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163755.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163755.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163755.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163755.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163755.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204297949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34043.984169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.725693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.274307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1854530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1854530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2193968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2193968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2193968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2193968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2180531193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2180531193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3801412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3801412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2184332605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2184332605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2184332605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2184332605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1874585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2214068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2214068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2214068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2214068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108727.558863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108727.558863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84475.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84475.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108673.263930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108673.263930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108673.263930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108673.263930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    582011851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582011851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       585374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       585374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    582597225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    582597225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    582597225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    582597225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101466.501220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101466.501220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65041.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65041.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101409.438642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101409.438642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101409.438642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101409.438642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              506.883594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              995512180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1940569.551657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.883594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1249078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1249078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1249078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1249078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1249078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7399809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7399809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7399809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7399809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7399809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7399809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1249124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1249124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1249124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160865.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160865.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160865.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160865.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160865.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160865.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6242335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6242335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6242335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6242335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164271.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164271.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164271.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164271.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164271.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164271.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151806703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35452.289351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   222.950868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    33.049132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.870902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.129098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       859008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       721223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1580231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1580231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1531820674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1531820674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7694563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7694563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1539515237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1539515237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1539515237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1539515237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       871861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       721311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1593172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1593172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119180.010426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119180.010426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87438.215909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87438.215909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118964.163279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118964.163279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118964.163279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118964.163279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    401681426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401681426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1058126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402739552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402739552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402739552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402739552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100144.957866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100144.957866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 70541.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70541.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100034.662692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100034.662692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100034.662692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100034.662692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              508.496741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              995512257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1929287.319767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.496741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1249155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1249155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1249155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8034594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8034594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8034594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8034594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8034594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8034594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1249204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163971.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163971.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163971.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163971.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163971.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163971.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163569.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163569.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163569.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163569.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163569.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163569.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151806593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35377.905616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.008768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.991232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.871128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.128872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       858852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       721266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1580118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1580118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1525987757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1525987757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7005440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7005440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1532993197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1532993197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1532993197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1532993197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       871711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       721349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1593060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1593060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118670.795318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118670.795318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84402.891566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84402.891566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118451.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118451.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118451.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118451.027430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    400182181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400182181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1012726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1012726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    401194907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401194907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    401194907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401194907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99547.806219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99547.806219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67515.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67515.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99428.725403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.725403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99428.725403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.725403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              572.176707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1026158456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1769238.717241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.380365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.796341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1217130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1217130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7796570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7796570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7796570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7796570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7796570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7796570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159113.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159113.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159113.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159113.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6125653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6125653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6125653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6125653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6125653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6125653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165558.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165558.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165558.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165558.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165558.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165558.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              404469214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48191.256285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.080291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.919709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3185902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3185902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1743561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1743561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4929463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4929463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4929463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4929463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        28734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        28734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3294166139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3294166139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3040364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3040364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3297206503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3297206503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3297206503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3297206503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3214606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3214606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1743591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1743591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4958197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4958197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4958197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4958197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114763.313092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114763.313092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101345.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101345.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114749.304065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114749.304065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114749.304065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114749.304065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    858762076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    858762076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       817325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       817325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859579401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    859579401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859579401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    859579401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105654.782972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105654.782972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90813.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90813.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105638.368072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105638.368072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105638.368072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105638.368072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.316222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996792484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1916908.623077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.316222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1230038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1230038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1230038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7547895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7547895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7547895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7547895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7547895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7547895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1230086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157247.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157247.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157247.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157247.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157247.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157247.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6192301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6192301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6192301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6192301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6192301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6192301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162955.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162955.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162955.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157693634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             27240.220073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.310155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.689845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.884024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.115976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       863872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       731483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1595355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1595355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19608                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2376533585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376533585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53446908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53446908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2429980493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2429980493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2429980493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2429980493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       883027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       731936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1614963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1614963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124068.576612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124068.576612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117984.344371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117984.344371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123928.013719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123928.013719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123928.013719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123928.013719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    552507147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552507147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1344845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1344845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    553851992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    553851992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    553851992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    553851992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100164.457397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100164.457397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79108.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79108.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100099.763600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100099.763600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100099.763600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100099.763600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              506.684811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              995512028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1936793.828794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.684811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1248926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1248926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1248926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1248926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1248926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7762370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7762370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7762370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1248974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1248974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1248974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161716.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161716.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161716.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161716.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161716.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161716.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6380843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6380843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6380843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163611.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163611.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163611.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163611.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163611.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163611.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151806898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35477.190465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   222.921917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    33.078083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.870789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.129211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       858970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       721514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       721514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1580484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1580484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1580484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        12943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1528588671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528588671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8211397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8211397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1536800068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1536800068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1536800068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1536800068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       871826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       721601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1593427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1593427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118900.798927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118900.798927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94383.873563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94383.873563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118736.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118736.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118736.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118736.001545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    401012583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401012583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1123659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1123659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    402136242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402136242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    402136242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402136242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100053.039671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100053.039671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74910.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74910.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99959.294556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99959.294556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99959.294556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99959.294556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.070192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              998620602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2029716.670732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.070192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1258082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1258082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1258082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1258082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1258082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1258082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8408653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8408653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1258134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1258134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1258134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1258134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1258134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1258134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161704.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6259815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6259815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169184.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148110154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             37009.033983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   217.097321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    38.902679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.848036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.151964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1000938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       742156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1743094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1743094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    987078038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    987078038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7526716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7526716                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    994604754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    994604754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    994604754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    994604754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1010451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       742259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1752710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1752710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103760.962683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103760.962683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73074.912621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73074.912621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103432.274750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103432.274750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103432.274750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103432.274750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    353703139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353703139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1243226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1243226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    354946365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354946365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    354946365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354946365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94852.008313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94852.008313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73130.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73130.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94753.434330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94753.434330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94753.434330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94753.434330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              484.732552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998620209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2038000.426531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.732552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.047648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.776815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1257689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1257689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1257689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1257689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1257689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1257689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7409796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7409796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7409796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1257737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1257737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1257737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1257737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1257737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1257737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154370.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154370.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154370.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154370.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154370.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154370.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5663375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5663375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5663375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148110492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37018.368408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.156891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    38.843109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.848269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.151731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1000892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       742568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1743460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1743460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    995710087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    995710087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5873190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5873190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1001583277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1001583277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1001583277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1001583277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1010456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       742633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1753089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1753089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1753089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1753089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104110.214032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104110.214032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90356.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90356.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104017.372209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104017.372209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104017.372209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104017.372209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    355125580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355125580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1201964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    356327544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356327544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    356327544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356327544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95259.007511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95259.007511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70703.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70703.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95147.541789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95147.541789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95147.541789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95147.541789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.243075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026158432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1769238.675862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.446773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.796302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.045588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1217106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1217106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1217106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1217106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1217106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7805143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7805143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7805143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7805143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7805143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7805143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1217152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1217152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1217152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169677.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169677.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169677.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169677.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169677.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169677.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6461767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6461767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6461767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6461767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6461767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6461767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174642.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174642.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174642.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174642.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174642.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174642.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8135                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404471617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48203.029079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.074033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.925967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3187622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3187622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1744209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1744209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4931831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4931831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4931831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4931831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3287059923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3287059923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3087810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3087810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3290147733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3290147733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3290147733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3290147733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3216288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3216288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1744239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1744239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4960527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4960527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4960527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4960527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114667.547722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114667.547722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       102927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114655.273662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114655.273662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114655.273662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114655.273662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    857850890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857850890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       832462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       832462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    858683352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    858683352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    858683352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    858683352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105568.654935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105568.654935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92495.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92495.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105554.192010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105554.192010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105554.192010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105554.192010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              521.032893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001252200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1903521.292776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1244151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1244151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7108495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7108495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7108495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7108495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7108495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7108495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145071.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145071.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145071.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145071.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145071.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145071.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5660057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5660057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5660057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5660057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5660057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5660057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157223.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157223.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157223.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157223.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157223.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157223.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166553863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21800.243848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.363304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.636696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.892044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.107956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       860641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       712097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       712097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1572738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1572738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2206587473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2206587473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6899611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6899611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2213487084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2213487084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2213487084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2213487084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       879544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       712182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       712182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1591726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1591726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1591726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116732.131037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116732.131037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81171.894118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81171.894118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116572.945229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116572.945229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116572.945229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116572.945229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    770405246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770405246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       986784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       986784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    771392030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    771392030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    771392030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771392030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104546.783281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104546.783281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65785.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65785.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104468.043066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104468.043066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104468.043066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104468.043066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.044775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1026158829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1769239.360345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.416759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.628016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.866391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1217503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1217503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1217503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8443169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8443169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8443169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8443169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8443169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8443169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1217552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172309.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172309.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172309.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172309.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172309.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172309.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6556775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6556775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6556775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6556775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6556775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6556775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177210.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177210.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177210.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177210.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177210.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177210.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              404471691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48197.293970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.067485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.932515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3187752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3187752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1744148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1744148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4931900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4931900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4931900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4931900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3283914596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3283914596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2353700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2353700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3286268296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3286268296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3286268296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3286268296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3216507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3216507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1744178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1744178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4960685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4960685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4960685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4960685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114203.254947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114203.254947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 78456.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78456.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114165.999514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114165.999514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114165.999514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114165.999514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    853492847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    853492847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       600489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       600489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    854093336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    854093336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    854093336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854093336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105019.422542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105019.422542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        66721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104977.057030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104977.057030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104977.057030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104977.057030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              572.632268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1026158763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1766194.084337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.835893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.796375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1217437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1217437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1217437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8798162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8798162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8798162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8798162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8798162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8798162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1217485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1217485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1217485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183295.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183295.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183295.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183295.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183295.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183295.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7136779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7136779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7136779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7136779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7136779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7136779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 187809.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187809.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 187809.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187809.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 187809.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187809.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              404471176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             48191.490051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.076193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.923807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3187316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3187316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1744107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1744107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4931423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4931423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4931423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4931423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        28691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        28691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3277989894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3277989894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2315786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2315786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3280305680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3280305680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3280305680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3280305680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3215978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3215978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1744136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1744136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4960114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4960114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4960114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4960114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114367.102575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114367.102575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79854.689655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79854.689655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114332.218466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114332.218466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114332.218466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114332.218466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    855879696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855879696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       599489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       599489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    856479185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856479185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    856479185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856479185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105287.205806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105287.205806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66609.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66609.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105244.431679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105244.431679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105244.431679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105244.431679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              513.819567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996792216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1905912.458891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.905045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   481.914521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1229770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1229770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8181856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8181856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8181856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8181856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8181856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8181856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163637.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163637.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163637.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163637.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163637.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163637.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6869220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6869220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6869220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6869220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6869220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6869220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167541.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167541.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167541.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167541.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167541.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167541.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157693458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             27235.484974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.305534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.694466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.884006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.115994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       864328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       730862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1595190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1595190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2388830803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2388830803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51473515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51473515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2440304318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2440304318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2440304318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2440304318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       883455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       731311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1614766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1614766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1614766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1614766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124893.125059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124893.125059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114640.345212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114640.345212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124657.964753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124657.964753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124657.964753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124657.964753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    555783683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555783683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1397026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1397026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557180709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557180709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557180709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557180709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100740.199927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100740.199927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        82178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100683.178352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100683.178352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100683.178352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100683.178352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
