
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111551455245                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639326831790                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 308192                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   388809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1957654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56982.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17561484523                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22155210612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1532800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4430208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4427008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4427392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2315648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1534848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2379520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4424960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1534464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3736448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39527680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10361216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10361216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        11975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        34611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        34586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        34589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        18590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        34570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                308810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13740744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39714480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13757956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39685793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39689236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20758564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9911695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20805609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9903663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13759103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9903663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21331143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39667434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13755661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33495287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               354344817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             716010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92882840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92882840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92882840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13740744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39714480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13757956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39685793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39689236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20758564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9911695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20805609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9903663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13759103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9903663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21331143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39667434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13755661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33495287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              447227657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10857578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237520665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213421422     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420717      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107889      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177438      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241510      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237520665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431336                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12924989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1763081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9908600                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513493                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26002023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18370                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419180                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237520665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180590164     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452752      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870655      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911847      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012052      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836921      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790100      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931791      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124383      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237520665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25260     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81844     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060607     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180952      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160870      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506603739                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1460697                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102679                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462268                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387622                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234072790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183563601     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045325     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453618      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507231      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814504      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181107      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894158      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753472      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234072790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372755198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29988821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675095                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675095                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274111                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20639632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16888045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8678943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139097                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92470                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199094508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            115368131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20639632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10274735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24100807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5501846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     10819938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12180852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    237466502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      213365695     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1129969      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1788954      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2419317      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2488222      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2103615      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1175883      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1751006      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11243841      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    237466502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077155                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      197045032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     12886853                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24056335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        27400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3450877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3396627                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    141589728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3450877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      197585908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1763262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      9872435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23549118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1244897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    141534928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       185115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       534083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    197507715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    658410844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    658410844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    171476618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26031055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35623                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3694617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13263512                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7181339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1718538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        141363978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134369130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18378                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15448874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36797643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1752                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237466502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180570383     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23425914      9.86%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11862982      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8916730      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7011325      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2833579      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789791      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931263      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124535      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237466502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25295     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81804     36.63%     47.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116255     52.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113016908     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000329      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16855      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12176959      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7158079      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134369130                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506446491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156849147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132342546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    134592484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94591                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1460581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122084                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141399868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13263512                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7181339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102978                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181311                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131818                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2313129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132503155                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11457667                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18615474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18835089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7157807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495321                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            132342769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           132342546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75970563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       204707878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.494721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99959856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122999469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18400402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2049858                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234015625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183541468     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25021905     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450299      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4503192      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3805933      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2180034      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898746      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861372      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2752676      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234015625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99959856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122999469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18226533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11139785                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17736754                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110820986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2532808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2752676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          372662131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         286250694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3020562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              30042984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99959856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122999469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99959856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.676169                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.676169                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      596384175                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     184357793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     131248516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18078737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16313833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       946635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6731634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6460637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         996669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191750618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113616617                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18078737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7457306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22471232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2990716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     26939559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11000211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    243184660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      220713428     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         801075      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1636622      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         699420      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3731206      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3331778      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         640811      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1348278      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10282042      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    243184660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424720                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189774509                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     28930722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22387590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        71848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2019986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1586561                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133230820                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2019986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190027649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      26895776                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1173934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22236368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       830940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133158678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       425803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       275159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4921                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    156339086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627122989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627122989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    138561701                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       17777373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15453                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1938975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     31413029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15880567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       771695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132897801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127676074                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10365826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25002067                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243184660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197334271     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13997540      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11327567      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4896194      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6116762      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5793330      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3294014      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262820      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162162      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243184660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        322040     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2454837     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71763      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80097292     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115199      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7644      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30613525     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15842414     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127676074                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2848640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501459080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143282420                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126585848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130524714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1232244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100003                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11253                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2019986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      26249135                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250472                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132913394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31413029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15880567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1110462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126786169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30514239                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       889905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           46355113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16614985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15840874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126589153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126585848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68392653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       135055719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473201                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102846201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120861195                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12066712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       967347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241164674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197167991     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16192968      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7540539      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7414474      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2055573      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8485460      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647746      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471725      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188198      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241164674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102846201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120861195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             45961342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            30180778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7692                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15960782                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107474351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1170738                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1188198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372904071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         267875985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4115888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              24324826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102846201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120861195                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102846201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.601063                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.601063                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      626766702                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     147000794                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158606789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20685111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16925929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2020924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8513000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199209728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115697724                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20685111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10276159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24148247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5519634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10824154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12187223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2022312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    237655042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      213506795     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1126615      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1788801      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2421695      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2491529      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2105362      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1179618      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1750913      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11283714      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    237655042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432500                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197161427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12890422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24103676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        27453                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3404248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141956384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197702288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1786213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9851179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23596394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1246904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141903846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       184800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       535035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    198014392                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    660162014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    660162014                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171702627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26311765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18434                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3701907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13275480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7199144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1748666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141733320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35439                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       134608419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15646627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37465306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237655042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180663593     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23465624      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870500      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8938210      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7028022      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2840946      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791339      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932151      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124657      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237655042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25512     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81887     36.63%     48.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116144     51.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113212465     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010335      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12192605      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176137      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    134608419                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507113996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157415944                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132589692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    134831962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       274437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3472059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1482782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122269                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141768900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13275480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7199144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18438                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1177319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2312668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132751132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11473301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1857287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18649159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18864726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7175858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132589914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132589692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        76105506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       205083350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100091496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123161457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18607455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34040                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2046450                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234182983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183629053     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25069239     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9460940      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4509871      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3817372      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182225      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1896563      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861026      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756694      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234182983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100091496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123161457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18250508                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11154439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16982                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17760091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110966953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2536144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2756694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373194512                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         287009941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3019076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29854444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100091496                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123161457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100091496                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374161                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374161                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      597479712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184694864                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131607585                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18077529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16314186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       946801                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6770032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6467547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         994540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191715116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            113585175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18077529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7462087                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22471086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2991705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     26721036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10998467                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950879                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    242929635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      220458549     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         800754      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1643449      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         701768      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3730536      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3324131      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         642072      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1344560      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10283816      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    242929635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424602                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      189725911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     28723557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22387244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        72267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2020651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1585026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    133206988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2020651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      189980199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      26706283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1152280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22235489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       834726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    133131879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       428293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       276516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5513                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    156284722                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    626967561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    626967561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    138534077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       17750637                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1942206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     31409159                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15883994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       769835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132868042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       127670767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10355080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24934274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242929635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197073075     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14006440      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11326206      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4897277      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6117760      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5791753      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3291670      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       263373      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162081      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242929635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320974     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2453458     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71642      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80087409     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1114752      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7643      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30621595     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15839368     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    127670767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2846074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501196465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143241916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126573163                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    130516841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229366                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1233267                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          496                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106011                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          186                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2020651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      26060527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132883609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31409159                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15883994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       552250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       559730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1111980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126781290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30517201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       889477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           46355026                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16610965                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15837825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126576580                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126573163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        68376512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       134985631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102826898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    120838197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12060354                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       967502                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240908984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196918711     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16189675      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7542437      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7414873      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2053463      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8483081      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       646416      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471348      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188980      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240908984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    102826898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    120838197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             45953875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            30175892                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7692                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15957604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       107453894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1170450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1188980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372618243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         267817917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4114590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              24579851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         102826898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           120838197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    102826898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.601552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.601552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384386                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384386                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      626726726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     146981962                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     158567848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18067367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16304291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       944462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6815622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         998526                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        42001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191709862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            113544489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18067367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7460345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22456938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       2977188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     26710744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10995682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       948324                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    242887919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      220430981     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         800895      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1636617      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         698444      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3730196      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3328281      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         646281      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1346249      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10269975      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    242887919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      189718441                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     28715385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22373872                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        71588                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2008628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1584642                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    133129785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2734                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2008628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      189971788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      26721618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1130512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22222213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       833153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    133057725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       426538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       275572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6276                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    156215179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    626656528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    626656528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    138545535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       17669644                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        15421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1936502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     31390743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     15877231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145512                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       771898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        132802255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       127636240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10279506                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24717520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242887919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197048001     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14001783      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11320956      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4893536      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6112072      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5793370      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3293221      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262367      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162613      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242887919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321250     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2452894     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71699      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80066968     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1114824      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7644      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30607237     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15839567     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    127636240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477128                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2845843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501078839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143100542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126552560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    130482083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1214075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98765                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11255                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2008628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      26075315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       251316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132817805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31390743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15877231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       550500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1108069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126751520                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30508897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       884720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           46346870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16610042                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         15837973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126555868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126552560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        68367311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       134967726                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102833572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120846481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11986087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       965193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240879291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196885206     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16191677      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7541723      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7416225      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2051368      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8488831      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644699      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471634      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187928      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240879291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    102833572                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120846481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             45955134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            30176668                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7692                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15958842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       107461315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1170618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1187928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          372523619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         267673938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4114610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              24621567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         102833572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120846481                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    102833572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.601383                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.601383                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      626625944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     146962716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     158527891                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        15384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18352815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16377449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1464044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12273665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11952406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1107688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44731                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193790605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            104199417                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18352815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13060094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23235173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4791070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7970561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11726153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228315110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      205079937     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3533268      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1794181      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3496363      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1130653      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3235346      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         512772      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         828396      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8704194      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228315110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      191952024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9853693                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23189171                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        18720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3301501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1742561                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    116633774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        32667                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3301501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      192161334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6375223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2814738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22981696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       680611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    116463979                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        91590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       519542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    152720392                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    527938079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    527938079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    123943050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28777306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15716                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1569953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     20938869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3428132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       780084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        115860387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15772                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       108526971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20822491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42629044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228315110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180729487     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15005572      6.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15922771      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9202981      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4775699      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1195468      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1422612      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33054      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27466      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228315110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182977     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75064     23.49%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61530     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85147876     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855490      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7766      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19116657     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3399182      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    108526971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445759597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136698939                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105776506                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    108846542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4256268                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3301501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5600330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115876243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20938869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3428132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1551787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107145517                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18841142                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1381454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22240165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16283369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3399023                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            105800700                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           105776506                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        63993460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       139657919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395412                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84245839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     94907118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20973777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1454807                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225013609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189648399     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13918545      6.19%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8915539      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2810871      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4651860      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913919      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       578650      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530661      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045165      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225013609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     84245839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     94907118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20032528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            16682593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         14556168                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        82958793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1192462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3045165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          337849027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         235065920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4319363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              39194376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          84245839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            94907118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     84245839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.175344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.175344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      497932240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     137891519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     123766234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23189143                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19311907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9153450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8505349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202014137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127238801                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23189143                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11003491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26530644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5862168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     18250627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12543339                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    250527677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      223997033     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1625008      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2064443      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3273164      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1363573      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1759031      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2057019      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         936148      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13452258      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    250527677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200832873                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     19547097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26404948                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3730389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3524222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155497252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3730389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      201035514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        646104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     18338154                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26214906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       562604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154538646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       392525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215898265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    718725579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    718725579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180824906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35073349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        38138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1981433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14447857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7562634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150899159                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38269                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144846914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18194879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36890994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2099                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250527677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189137351     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28019530     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437027      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6410813      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8690712      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672160      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2633698      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1416033      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110353      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250527677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998401     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132982     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129166     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122034507     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980789      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17932      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13274464      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539222      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144846914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541465                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541623896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169133003                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141081334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    146107463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2694988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3730389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        491895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150937432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14447857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54733                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          697                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1259048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2434348                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142323907                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13057076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20595843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20127345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7538767                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532033                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            141081614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           141081334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84534287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       227105131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105200357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129631684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21306356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2130245                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246797288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191928659     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27804246     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10098157      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5031580      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601607      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934860      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909338      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911100      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577741      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246797288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105200357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129631684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19221220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11752866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18044                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18790093                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116710498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2676908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2577741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          395156859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305606491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3063362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16981809                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105200357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129631684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105200357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      640444006                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     197162827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143844531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18386267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16407649                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1466769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12324319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11974810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110402                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194132640                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104393694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18386267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13085212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23278301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4800555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7742590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11747040                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228479045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205200744     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3540353      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1797376      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3502107      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1131590      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3242623      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         513010      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         830472      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8720770      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228479045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390243                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192288250                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9631514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23232269                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3308197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1744974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17317                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    116853369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        32779                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3308197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192498077                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6187080                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2778442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23024465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       682777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    116682975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        91504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       521738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    153003966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    528940369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    528940369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    124169880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28834080                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1576114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     20981455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3434456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       779633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        116080258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15800                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       108730797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20866647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42730346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228479045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180810393     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15025178      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15952217      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9221653      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4784055      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201338      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1423622      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33128      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27461      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228479045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182357     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75256     23.57%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61658     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85305816     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856853      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7779      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19155267     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3405082      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    108730797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406456                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446330418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136962976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105974531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    109050068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4266126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3308197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5413244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116096142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20981455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3434456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2172                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565037                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1554675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107343773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18876015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1387024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22280921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16314267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3404906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401271                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            105999312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           105974531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        64118187                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       139936400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.396152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84403278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     95082284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21018533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15689                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1457507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225170848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189743087     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13939974      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8933224      3.97%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2817665      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4659694      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914239      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580113      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530598      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3052254      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225170848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     84403278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     95082284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20070830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            16715329                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         14583289                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        83111146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1194433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3052254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          338219099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         235512440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4328960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              39030441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          84403278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            95082284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     84403278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.169421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.169421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      498861612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     138150162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     123998844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15674                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23161375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19285826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9107869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8487436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201733817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            127093548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23161375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10983053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26498754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5854572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18587469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12526223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    250549544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      224050790     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1624857      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2051343      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3267814      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1369560      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1760076      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2053790      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         937260      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13434054      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    250549544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      200553783                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19884229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26373009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12429                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3726087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3523054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          442                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    155326891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3726087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      200756213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        645834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18675831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26183189                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       562384                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    154367100                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        81755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       392287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    215635994                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    717913865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    717913865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    180599800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       35036194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        38060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1980611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14437141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7555205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84562                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        150723356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       144678006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18168516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36870430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2068                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250549544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189235463     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27978552     11.17%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11427377      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6399155      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8687062      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2667384      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2630129      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414083      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110339      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250549544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        996651     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133373     10.59%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128986     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121887961     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978439      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17911      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13261911      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7531784      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    144678006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540833                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259010                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541307804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168930750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140914016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145937016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        491558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62783                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150761556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14437141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7555205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20149                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54951                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2429722                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142158117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13043674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2519889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20575003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20104756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7531329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            140914302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           140914016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84430051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       226824230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105069452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    129470416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21291794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36126                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2127116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246823457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192024874     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27768583     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10084092      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025856      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4596060      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1932628      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1906347      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909517      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575500      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246823457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    105069452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    129470416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19197351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11738255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18766733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       116565336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2673600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2575500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          395009439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         305250521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3059028                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16959942                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         105069452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           129470416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    105069452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.546025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.546025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392769                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392769                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      639683581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     196917501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143680347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        36096                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20673481                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16916246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8690887                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8151048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2139181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199387229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115554476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20673481                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10290229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24138754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5511339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10657668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12199195                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    237641364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      213502610     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1131874      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1791458      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2422558      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2492769      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2106407      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1177652      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1753039      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11262997      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    237641364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      197333826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12728520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24094424                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        27248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3457341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3401738                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    141816561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3457341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      197876261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1775763                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9698462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23585539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1247993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    141761900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       185263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       535439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    197822648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    659462687                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    659462687                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171741665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26080980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35659                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3703073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13283889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7192400                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1719824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        141591347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       134582286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15480579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36864487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237641364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180658860     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23460049      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11879818      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8929817      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7023427      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2839119      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1792709      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932927      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124638      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237641364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25418     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81940     36.62%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116406     52.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113197269     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2003432      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16881      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12195578      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7169126      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    134582286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507048123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157108254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132553219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    134806050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2126909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3457341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1472922                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141627272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13283889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7192400                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2316829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132713939                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11475817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1868347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18644675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18865099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7168858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496109                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            132553438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           132553219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76091971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       205036230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100114268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    123189462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18437818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34048                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2052886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234184023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526037                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183632752     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25059733     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9464472      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4510941      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811052      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2183754      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1901637      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862294      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2757388      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234184023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100114268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    123189462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18254658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11156978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16986                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17764135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110992182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2536718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2757388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          373053226                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         286711961                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3024955                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              29868122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100114268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           123189462                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100114268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.672042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.672042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      597334016                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     184649760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     131459964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23165580                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19288232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9098832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8487442                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98480                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201796498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127109897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23165580                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10983283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26503562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5853991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     18517422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12529261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    250543646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      224040084     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1626692      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2051247      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3269012      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1370806      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1760231      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2051838      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         936478      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13437258      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    250543646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      200615663                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     19811963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26378168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3725521                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3524751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    155348230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3725521                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200817528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        644973                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     18605323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26188730                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       561565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    154391804                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        81248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       391942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    215673091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    718014721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    718014721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    180652220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       35020871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        38087                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1977363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14439769                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7556668                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1708880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        150752903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38216                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       144708502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18165851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36858992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2078                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250543646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189212407     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27989299     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11432699      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6399381      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8685182      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2667906      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632335      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414102      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110335      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250543646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997732     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133594     10.60%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129006     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121913369     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979133      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17916      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13264833      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7533251      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    144708502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.540947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541365292                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168957654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140946318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    145968834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3725521                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        490916                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150791125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14439769                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7556668                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255153                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2430111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142190363                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13046981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2518139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20579781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20111555                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7532800                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            140946608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           140946318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84445636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       226837171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.526883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105099930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    129507888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21283908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2127101                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246818125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192001016     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27780730     11.26%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10086126      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026764      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4597586      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1932771      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907304      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910033      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575795      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246818125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    105099930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    129507888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19202857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11741628                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18772159                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       116599058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2674361                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2575795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          395033398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         305309127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3059932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16965840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         105099930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           129507888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    105099930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.545287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.545287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      639818730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     196962773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     143700722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        36108                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19593941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16067377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8040358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7643429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2008989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186959477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            111417756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19593941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9652418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24498216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5463279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17751801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11520599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1906157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    232722109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208223893     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2656782      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3073123      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1685287      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1936493      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1067755      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         726653      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1899923      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11452200      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    232722109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416500                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      185424333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19315798                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24293503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       193760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3494714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3181495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17901                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    136001292                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        88823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3494714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      185722852                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6416883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     12062700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24197303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       827648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    135918312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       212452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       382684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    188876637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    632833799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    632833799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    161143465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27733172                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2214382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12976753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7069396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185482                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        135695850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128182153                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17057638                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39494159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3961                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232722109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178718317     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21712671      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11668552      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8087836      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7066093      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3609610      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       876821      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562150      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420059      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232722109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33435     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118751     43.01%     55.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123942     44.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107288878     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2005792      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15693      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11853811      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7017979      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128182153                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.479169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489544267                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152790321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126047132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    128458281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2298954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          770                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3494714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5956934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135731579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12976753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7069396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100078                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1109614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2189100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126288832                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11131309                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18147750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17667004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7016441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            126049004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           126047132                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74914141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       196231506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94628526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    116097556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19635338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31648                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1928444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229227395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181797219     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21996080      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9219076      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5539848      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3830993      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2475821      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1286152      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1033857      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2048349      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229227395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     94628526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    116097556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17586720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10677799                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16615392                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       104666751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2361996                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2048349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          362911303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         274960579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2865810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              34787377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          94628526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           116097556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     94628526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.826943                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.826943                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.353739                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.353739                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      569655980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     174932438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     126928424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31618                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18074595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16309648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945991                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6863539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6468354                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         996972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191783180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            113578169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18074595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7465326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22466959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2982086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     26741144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11001047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950012                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    243006425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      220539466     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         799695      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1642059      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         700695      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3731537      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3326423      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         644984      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1345213      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10276353      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    243006425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189804478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     28734582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22383628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        71884                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2011848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1586395                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133178287                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2757                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2011848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      190057772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      26715152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1153934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22232343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       835369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    133104192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       423947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       275144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11705                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    156253547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    626854635                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    626854635                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    138588803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       17664649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7789                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1933517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     31403014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15886637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       769480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132848503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127693087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10284448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24696957                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243006425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197139783     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14013385      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11327411      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4897324      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6116668      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5791861      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3295193      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262627      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162173      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243006425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321084     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2452677     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71719      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80102165     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1114991      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30624234     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844051     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127693087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2845480                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501314349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143151742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126602158                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130538567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1217953                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          493                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11253                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          108                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2011848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      26069956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       251529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132864077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31403014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15886637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7790                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       156062                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3314                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       552070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1109558                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126805872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30522342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           46364796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16616048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15842454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474024                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126605578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126602158                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68388737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       134988516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864624                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120883232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11995391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       966770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240994577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196986144     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16195964      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7542764      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7421655      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2054036      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8490068      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644721      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471835      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187390      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240994577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102864624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120883232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             45967949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            30185049                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15963740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107494092                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1171040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1187390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372685498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         267769346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4115949                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              24503061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102864624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120883232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102864624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.600598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.600598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      626875777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     147017329                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158574452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20654724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16900189                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8680763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8141594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199197525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115448635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20654724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10278533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24114018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5504757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10786447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12186686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    237551769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      213437751     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1127558      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1787543      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2420855      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2492873      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2104787      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1175775      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1751056      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11253571      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    237551769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431568                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      197148278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12853198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24069512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        27366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3453410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3399300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141690906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3453410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197688370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1800501                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      9801151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23563099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1245233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141637694                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       184645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       534438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    197650532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    658885013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    658885013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171593003                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26057437                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3697023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13273573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7186679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1685671                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141470255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134464873                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15463089                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36856373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237551769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180647465     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23403368      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11859849      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8934840      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7023440      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834237      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791546      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       933126      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123898      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237551769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25083     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81856     36.59%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116755     52.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113097095     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001774      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16866      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12186154      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7162984      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134464873                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506723636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156969580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132435803                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    134688567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2126180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          543                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3453410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1498620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141506089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13273573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7186679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          543                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2313362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132595862                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11465358                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1869007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18628063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18849115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7162705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495668                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132436032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132435803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76019325                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204843367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100027664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123083048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18422986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2050246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234098359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183613521     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25014175     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9460804      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4505296      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3796519      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2180188      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908949      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860589      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2758318      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234098359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100027664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123083048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18238949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11147380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17748833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110896303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2534548                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2758318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372845386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286465616                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3021174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              29957717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100027664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123083048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100027664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.674355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.674355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373922                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373922                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596797618                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184488705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131340404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18854540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15418676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7912110                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7446642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81870                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183074333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106945573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18854540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9385934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22420355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5350293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8317337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11256860                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1854062                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217279433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      194859078     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1219745      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1922402      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3056114      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1267109      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1421436      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1506727      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         984717      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11042105      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217279433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181343428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10062000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22350623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        56440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3466938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3091667                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    130596883                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2904                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3466938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      181619905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2025972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7201147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22135451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       830016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    130510839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        44739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       299573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74617                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181175775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    607101377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    607101377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154741096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26434679                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2396752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12445133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6690732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        130327100                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       123415897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16399832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36449623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217279433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165200143     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20925775      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437670      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7785272      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7273316      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092118      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630125      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555750      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379264      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217279433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28592     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86991     38.32%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111444     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103385271     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949724      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14961      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11410955      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6654986      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    123415897                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464494123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146762131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121436690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    123642924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       375421                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2232154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3466938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1264350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130361108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12445133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6690732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2127534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121662412                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10733506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17386777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17127550                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6653271                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            121437562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           121436690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71001050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       185449061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453953                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90894154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    111412935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18948660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1881538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213812495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168584909     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21902867     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8526957      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595201      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3440091      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919877      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185304      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059334      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2597955      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213812495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90894154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    111412935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16705363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10212979                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15992795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       100391392                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2263298                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2597955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          341575524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         264190313                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2965436                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              50230053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90894154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           111412935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90894154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.943088                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.943088                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      548647325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     168321827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121822331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.047567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.416705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.057327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9938044654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10002362571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9938044654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10002362571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9938044654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10002362571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829345.293666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831935.670881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829345.293666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831935.670881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829345.293666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831935.670881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8885712731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946517215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8885712731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946517215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8885712731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946517215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741588.443582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744178.773499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741588.443582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744178.773499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741588.443582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744178.773499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        12019                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.448364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         193473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        14066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        13.754657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.926044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.012415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1518.584563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         496.925341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.741496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.242639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                9224                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28879                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28881                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               12016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                12016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11976                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               12016                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64362223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9935871413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10000233636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64362223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9935871413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    10000233636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64362223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9935871413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   10000233636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             40743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            9224                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              40897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             40897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609055.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829648.581580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832243.145473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609055.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829648.581580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832243.145473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609055.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829648.581580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832243.145473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5257                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5257                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           12015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          12015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60848303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8884001422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8944849725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60848303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8884001422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8944849725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60848303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8884001422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8944849725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521207.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741879.033152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744473.551810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521207.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741879.033152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744473.551810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521207.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 741879.033152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744473.551810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        34654                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         203067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        36702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.532859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.566578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.951011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1819.884106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         222.537929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.108661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12942                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12942                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40622                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40623                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               34611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                34654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34611                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               34654                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32664167576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32742753254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69552228                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     69552228                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32733719804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    32812305482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32733719804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   32812305482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             75205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12942                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12942                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              75277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             75277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944925.005091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946021.590073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1617493.674419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617493.674419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945760.590679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946854.778150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945760.590679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946854.778150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5435                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5435                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           34654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          34654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29628718211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29703528489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65775946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65775946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29694494157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29769304435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29694494157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29769304435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857114.042207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858210.640808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1529673.162791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529673.162791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857949.615931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859043.817020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857949.615931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859043.817020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12038                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.458890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         193531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.739245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.940240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.208660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1519.838592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         495.471398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.742109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.241929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28919                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28921                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12035                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9899052424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10026243377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9899052424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10026243377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9899052424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10026243377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             40804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              40956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             40956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825540.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833090.434317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825540.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833090.434317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825540.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833090.434317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8845834633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8969161549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8845834633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8969161549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8845834633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8969161549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737767.692494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745318.393635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737767.692494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745318.393635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 737767.692494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745318.393635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        34626                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.939958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         203006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        36674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.535420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.549146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.810455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1821.071500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         221.508858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.889195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.108159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 40584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               12893                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  40611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40610                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 40611                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               34582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                34627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34587                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               34627                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81008440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32556531705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32637540145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72130313                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72130313                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81008440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32628662018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    32709670458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81008440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32628662018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   32709670458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             75166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           12893                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              75238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             75238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2025211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942520.169793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943772.486987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1602895.844444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1602895.844444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2025211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943379.362709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944629.059924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2025211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943379.362709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944629.059924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5434                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5434                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           34627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          34627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77496440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  29523642707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29601139147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     68179313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68179313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77496440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  29591822020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29669318460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77496440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  29591822020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29669318460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1937411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854717.234294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855969.554884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1515095.844444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515095.844444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1937411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855576.431029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856826.131631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1937411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855576.431029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856826.131631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        34629                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.937453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         203051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        36677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.536194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.562566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.794544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1819.113414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         223.466929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.888239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.109115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 40585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               12934                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  40615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40614                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 40615                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               34587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                34629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34589                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               34629                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73552063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32651300217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32724852280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61686743                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61686743                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73552063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32712986960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    32786539023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73552063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32712986960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   32786539023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             75172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           12934                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              75244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        75203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             75244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1838801.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945126.934813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946160.473010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1468731.976190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1468731.976190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1838801.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945762.726878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946794.277138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1838801.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945762.726878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946794.277138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5430                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5430                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           34629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          34629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70040063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29617730793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29687770856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57999143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57999143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70040063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29675729936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29745769999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     70040063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29675729936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29745769999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1751001.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857317.011405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858350.561078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1380931.976190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1380931.976190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1751001.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857952.815519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858984.377227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1751001.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857952.815519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858984.377227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        18125                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.838520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        20173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.873940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.635648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.460937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1658.983365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         357.758569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.810050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.174687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  34447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34446                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 34447                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               18124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                18124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               18124                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51326996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14538875325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14590202321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51326996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14538875325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    14590202321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51326996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14538875325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   14590202321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             52503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              52571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             52571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1555363.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803652.386546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805021.094736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1555363.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803652.386546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805021.094736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1555363.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803652.386546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805021.094736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2414                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2414                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           18124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          18124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48429596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12949869420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12998299016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48429596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12949869420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12998299016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48429596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12949869420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12998299016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1467563.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715818.330662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717187.100861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1467563.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715818.330662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717187.100861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1467563.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715818.330662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717187.100861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8676                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.232010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         216274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.167288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.126817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.717913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1395.575172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         607.812108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.681433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.296783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28413                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28415                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8676                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7010729301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7102667444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7010729301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7102667444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7010729301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7102667444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             36881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              37091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             37091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811614.876245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818656.920701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811614.876245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818656.920701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811614.876245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818656.920701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6252243914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340845657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6252243914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340845657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6252243914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340845657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723806.889789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730848.969225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723806.889789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730848.969225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723806.889789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730848.969225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18167                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.846991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.856987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.640453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.525401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1659.991393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         356.689745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.810543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.174165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34431                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34432                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18166                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14382744555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14437432034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14382744555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14437432034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     54687479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14382744555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14437432034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             52530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              52598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             52598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793224.385341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794750.194539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793224.385341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 794750.194539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1608455.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 793224.385341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 794750.194539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12790402838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12842104806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12790402838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12842104806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51701968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12790402838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12842104806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705404.965696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706930.794121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705404.965696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706930.794121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1520646.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 705404.965696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706930.794121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8670                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.217636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         216251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.176432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.114184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.041245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1394.800076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         608.262130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.681055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.297003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 28181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8805                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8805                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  28395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28393                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 28395                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8670                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104993238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7157870610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7262863848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104993238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7157870610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7262863848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104993238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7157870610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7262863848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             36851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8805                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8805                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              37065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             37065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2692134.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829321.122697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837700.559170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2692134.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829321.122697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837700.559170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2692134.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829321.122697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837700.559170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101556989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6399469449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6501026438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101556989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6399469449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6501026438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101556989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6399469449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6501026438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2604025.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741451.679875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749830.038985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2604025.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741451.679875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749830.038985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2604025.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741451.679875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749830.038985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12035                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.451398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         193540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.742810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.932666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.012881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1518.655620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         496.850231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.242603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 28774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9244                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9244                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  28927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28925                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 28927                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11992                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12032                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9768858521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9832509666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9768858521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9832509666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63651145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9768858521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9832509666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             40806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9244                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9244                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              40959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             40959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814614.619830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817196.614528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814614.619830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817196.614528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1591278.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814614.619830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817196.614528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8714898944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8775038089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8714898944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8775038089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60139145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8714898944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8775038089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726786.668668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729368.970908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726786.668668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729368.970908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1503478.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726786.668668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729368.970908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         8670                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.216075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         216228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        10718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        20.174286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.112916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     6.035235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1395.000383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         608.067541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.681153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.296908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 28168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                8795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  28382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28380                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 28382                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                8670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 8670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                8670                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107004837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7152668844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7259673681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107004837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7152668844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7259673681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107004837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7152668844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7259673681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             36838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            8795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              37052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             37052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2743713.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828718.438651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837332.604498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2743713.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828718.438651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837332.604498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2743713.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828718.438651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837332.604498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            8670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           8670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    103578430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6394615031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6498193461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    103578430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6394615031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6498193461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    103578430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6394615031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6498193461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.234557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2655857.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740889.240065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749503.282699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2655857.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740889.240065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749503.282699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2655857.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 740889.240065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749503.282699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        18636                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.525538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         229289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        20684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        11.085332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.043306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.755487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1648.016174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         364.710572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.804695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.178081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 34615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               18864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  34764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34763                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 34764                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                18625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18590                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               18625                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16091946350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16157054794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5618137                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5618137                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16097564487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16162672931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16097564487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16162672931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             53234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           18864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              53389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             53389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.038710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865903.268941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867772.425694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936356.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936356.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865926.007907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867794.519785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865926.007907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867794.519785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              10053                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   10053                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           18625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          18625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14459766936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14521802380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5091337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5091337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14464858273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14526893717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14464858273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14526893717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.348434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778076.137322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779945.345078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848556.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848556.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778098.885046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779967.447893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 778098.885046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779967.447893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        34609                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.937834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         203045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        36657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.539051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.537203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.740911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1819.565900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         223.093821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.108933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  40653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40652                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 40653                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               34568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                34612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34573                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               34612                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32596402255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32672024222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67983473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67983473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32664385728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    32740007695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75621967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32664385728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   32740007695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             75193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              75265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             75265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 944029.721538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945152.285987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1545078.931818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1545078.931818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 944794.658491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945914.933982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1939024.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 944794.658491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945914.933982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5435                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5435                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           34612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          34612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29564468114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29636664631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64119274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64119274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29628587388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29700783905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72196517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29628587388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29700783905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851192.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 856221.382432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857343.920128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1457256.227273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1457256.227273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851192.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 856986.301102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858106.549896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1851192.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 856986.301102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858106.549896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        12033                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.450815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         193491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        14081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.741283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.212345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1518.498466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         496.814241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.741454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.242585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28892                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28894                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               12030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                12030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11989                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               12030                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67234744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9898990037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9966224781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67234744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9898990037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     9966224781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67234744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9898990037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    9966224781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             40770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              40924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             40924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1639871.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825672.703061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828447.612718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1639871.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825672.703061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828447.612718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1639871.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825672.703061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828447.612718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5262                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5262                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           12029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          12029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63634932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8845146655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8908781587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63634932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8845146655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8908781587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63634932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8845146655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8908781587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1552071.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 737833.387971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740608.661318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1552071.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 737833.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740608.661318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1552071.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 737833.387971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740608.661318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        29240                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.603435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         164141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        31288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.246133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.593647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1653.378166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         378.537968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.807314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.184833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7656                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  37049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37048                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 37049                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               29200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                29230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               29230                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82268529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26984894079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27067162608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29261350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29261350                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82268529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27014155429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    27096423958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82268529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  27014155429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   27096423958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             66155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              66279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             66279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2109449.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925376.155790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926957.623562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 975378.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975378.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2109449.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925427.543729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927007.319808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2109449.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 925427.543729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927007.319808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4369                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4369                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           29230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          29230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78843454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24424299844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24503143298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26627350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26627350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78843454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24450927194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24529770648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78843454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24450927194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24529770648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2021627.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837567.293440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839148.743082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 887578.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887578.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2021627.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837618.690487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839198.448443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2021627.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 837618.690487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839198.448443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.423598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44466535837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44466535837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77649390                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77649390                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44544185227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44544185227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44544185227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44544185227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339851.696617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339851.696617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84036.136364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84036.136364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338057.794004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338057.794004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338057.794004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338057.794004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11911124448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11911124448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11921178002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11921178002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11921178002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11921178002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292512.879371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292512.879371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64445.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64445.858974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291642.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291642.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291642.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291642.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              515.902639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012188894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1957812.174081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.902639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12180798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12180798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12180798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12180798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12180798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84488845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84488845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84488845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84488845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84488845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84488845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12180852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12180852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12180852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564608.240741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564608.240741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564608.240741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564608.240741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564608.240741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564608.240741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64869902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64869902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64869902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64869902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64869902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64869902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1544521.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544521.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1544521.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544521.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1544521.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544521.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                40855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166563864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                41111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4051.564399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.166181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.833819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.910805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.089195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8380643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7053212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7053212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15433855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15433855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15433855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15433855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       130724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       131632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       131632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       131632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       131632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  44513548497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44513548497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     76237914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76237914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  44589786411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44589786411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  44589786411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44589786411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8511367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7054120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7054120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16983                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15565487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15565487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15565487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15565487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340515.502104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340515.502104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83962.460352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83962.460352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338745.794419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338745.794419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338745.794419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338745.794419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9224                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        90023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        90777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        90777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11908048570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11908048570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9919109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9919109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11917967679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11917967679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  11917967679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11917967679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292573.857399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292573.857399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64409.798701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.798701                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291713.809301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291713.809301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 291713.809301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291713.809301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.972895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1041956913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775054.366269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.786601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.186294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11000148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11000148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11000148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11000148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11000148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11000148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11000209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11000209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11000209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11000209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11000209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11000209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              446703692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                75489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5917.467340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.896325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.103675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     28785134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28785134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15764672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15764672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44549806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       44549806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44549806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      44549806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       275865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135584309541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135584309541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    288333713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    288333713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135872643254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135872643254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135872643254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135872643254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     29060999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29060999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15764955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15764955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44825954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44825954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44825954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44825954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491487.900027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491487.900027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1018847.042403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1018847.042403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 492028.344417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492028.344417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 492028.344417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492028.344417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1918677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1918677                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35723449894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35723449894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     71830292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71830292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35795280186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35795280186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35795280186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35795280186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475292.370964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475292.370964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 997642.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 997642.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475792.274481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475792.274481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475792.274481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475792.274481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.951696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012195261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1942793.207294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    44.951696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.072038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12187165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12187165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12187165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12187165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12187222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12187222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12187222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12187222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166580686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4046.559928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.163294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.836706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8388475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8388475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7062505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15450980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15450980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15450980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15450980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       130806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       131700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44372620652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44372620652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     75146044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75146044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44447766696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44447766696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44447766696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44447766696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8519281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8519281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7063399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18308                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15582680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15582680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15582680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15582680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339224.658288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339224.658288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84055.977629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84055.977629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337492.533759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337492.533759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337492.533759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337492.533759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11874063136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11874063136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9820701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9820701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11883883837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11883883837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11883883837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11883883837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291330.858629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291330.858629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64609.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64609.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290488.482938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290488.482938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290488.482938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290488.482938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.364766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1041955174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1784169.818493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.261988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.102779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10998409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10998409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10998409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10998409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10998409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10998409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105773094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105773094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105773094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105773094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105773094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105773094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10998465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10998465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10998465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10998465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10998465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10998465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1888805.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1888805.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1888805.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1888805.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1888805.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1888805.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 283323.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81425983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81425983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81425983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81425983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81425983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81425983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1985999.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985999.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1985999.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985999.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1985999.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985999.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                75196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              446703144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                75452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5920.361872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.896617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.103383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     28787183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28787183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15762083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15762083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     44549266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       44549266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     44549266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      44549266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       276474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       276474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 135241789337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135241789337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    306830391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    306830391                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 135548619728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135548619728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 135548619728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135548619728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     29063364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29063364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15762376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15762376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     44825740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44825740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     44825740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44825740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489685.348873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489685.348873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1047202.699659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1047202.699659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490276.191353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490276.191353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490276.191353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490276.191353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2179840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      2179840                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        75125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        75197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        75197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35614720964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35614720964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     74295122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74295122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35689016086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35689016086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35689016086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35689016086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474072.824812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474072.824812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1031876.694444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031876.694444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474606.913653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474606.913653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474606.913653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474606.913653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.365679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1041952388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1784165.047945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    39.094396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.271283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10995623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10995623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10995623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10995623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99747455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99747455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99747455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99747455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99747455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99747455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10995680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10995680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10995680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10995680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10995680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10995680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749955.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1749955.350877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749955.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1749955.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1749955.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1749955.350877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       567448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73967189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73967189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73967189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73967189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73967189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73967189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1804077.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804077.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1804077.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804077.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1804077.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804077.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                75203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              446695712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                75459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5919.714176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.896715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.103285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     28779270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28779270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15762569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15762569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     44541839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       44541839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     44541839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      44541839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       275722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       276010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       276010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       276010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       276010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 135344801029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135344801029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    245289954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245289954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 135590090983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135590090983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 135590090983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135590090983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     29054992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29054992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15762857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15762857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7705                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     44817849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44817849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     44817849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44817849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 490874.145077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490874.145077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851701.229167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851701.229167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 491250.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491250.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 491250.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491250.646654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       606608                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       606608                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           12934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       200591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       200807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       200807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        75131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        75203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        75203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35709641145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35709641145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     64063651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64063651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35773704796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35773704796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35773704796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35773704796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475298.360796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475298.360796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 889772.930556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889772.930556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475695.182320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475695.182320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 475695.182320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475695.182320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              557.720651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931871140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1661089.376114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.596605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.124046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11726108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11726108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11726108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11726108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11726108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11726108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58121755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58121755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58121755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58121755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58121755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58121755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11726153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11726153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11726153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11726153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11726153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11726153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1291594.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1291594.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1291594.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1291594.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1291594.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1291594.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51709495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51709495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51709495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51709495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51709495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51709495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520867.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520867.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520867.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520867.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1520867.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520867.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                52537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              223902708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                52793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4241.143864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   203.372329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    52.627671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.794423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.205577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17195361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17195361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3333824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3333824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20529185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       20529185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20529185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      20529185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       185795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       185795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83894671175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83894671175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25695223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25695223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83920366398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83920366398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  83920366398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83920366398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17380860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17380860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3334120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20714980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20714980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20714980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20714980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452264.816387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452264.816387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86808.185811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86808.185811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451682.587788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451682.587788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451682.587788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451682.587788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16943331704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16943331704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4447227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4447227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16947778931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16947778931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16947778931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16947778931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322920.804742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322920.804742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65400.397059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65400.397059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322587.489407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322587.489407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322587.489407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322587.489407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.389006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015642720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2051803.474747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.389006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12543280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12543280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12543280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12543338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12543338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12543338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164700132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4414.724636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.470003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.529997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9996310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7429744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7429744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17426054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17426054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17426054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17426054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21356325170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21356325170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    135907766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135907766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21492232936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21492232936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21492232936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21492232936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10091659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7431848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7431848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17523507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17523507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17523507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17523507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223980.588889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223980.588889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64594.945817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64594.945817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220539.469652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220539.469652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220539.469652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220539.469652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6269.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8916441465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8916441465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15328217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15328217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8931769682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8931769682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8931769682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8931769682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242024.957656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242024.957656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72991.509524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72991.509524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241066.899193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241066.899193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241066.899193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241066.899193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.124585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931892023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1658170.859431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.000596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.123990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11746991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11746991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11746991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11746991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11746991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11746991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68135976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11747040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11747040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11747040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11747040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11747040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11747040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1390530.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55076864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55076864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1573624.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                52563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223938318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                52819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4239.730362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   203.349269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    52.650731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.794333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.205667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17225408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17225408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3339358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20564766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20564766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20564766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20564766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82651708512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82651708512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25806226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25806226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82677514738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82677514738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82677514738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82677514738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17410844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17410844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3339658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20750502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20750502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20750502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20750502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445715.548825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445715.548825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86020.753333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86020.753333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445134.571316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445134.571316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445134.571316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445134.571316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       132941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16786976684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16786976684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4401396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4401396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16791378080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16791378080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16791378080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16791378080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319782.392304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319782.392304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64726.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64726.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319452.430036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319452.430036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319452.430036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319452.430036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.047809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1015625601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2047632.260081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.047809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12526161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12526161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12526161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12526161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12526161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12526161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    159802272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159802272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    159802272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159802272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    159802272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159802272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12526220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12526220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12526220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12526220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12526220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12526220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708513.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2708513.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708513.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2708513.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708513.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2708513.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1272230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 318057.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105447803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105447803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105447803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105447803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105447803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105447803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571897.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571897.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571897.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571897.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2571897.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571897.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                37024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              164681471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                37280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4417.421432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.466916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.533084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9987010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9987010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7420470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7420470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19862                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17407480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17407480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17407480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17407480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        97456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        97456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21676515658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21676515658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    139739234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139739234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21816254892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21816254892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21816254892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21816254892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10082303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10082303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7422633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7422633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18048                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17504936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17504936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17504936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17504936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227472.276642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227472.276642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64604.361535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64604.361535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223857.483295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223857.483295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223857.483295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223857.483295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    14.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9061887131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9061887131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15593643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15593643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9077480774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9077480774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9077480774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9077480774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246180.036159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246180.036159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72867.490654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72867.490654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245178.283654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245178.283654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245178.283654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245178.283654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              515.902710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012207238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1957847.655706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.902710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12199142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12199142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12199142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12199142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79575594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79575594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12199195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12199195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12199195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12199195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501426.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64158561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64158561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527584.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166587922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4046.047701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.167289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.832711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8393775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8393775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7064102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7064102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15457877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15457877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15457877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15457877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       130906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       131806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       131806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44025694280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44025694280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75517021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75517021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44101211301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44101211301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  44101211301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44101211301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8524681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8524681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7065002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7065002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15589683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15589683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15589683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15589683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336315.327640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336315.327640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83907.801111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83907.801111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334591.834218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334591.834218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334591.834218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334591.834218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11744212786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11744212786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9855742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9855742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11754068528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11754068528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11754068528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11754068528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288102.560740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288102.560740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64416.614379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.614379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287266.137009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287266.137009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287266.137009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287266.137009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.048458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1015628642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2047638.391129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.048458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12529202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12529202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12529202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12529202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12529202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12529202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    161833492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161833492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    161833492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161833492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    161833492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161833492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12529260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12529260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12529260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12529260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12529260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12529260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2790232.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2790232.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2790232.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2790232.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2790232.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2790232.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 207618.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107475576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107475576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107475576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107475576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    107475576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107475576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2621355.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2621355.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2621355.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2621355.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2621355.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2621355.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                37011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164686571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4419.099230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.466371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.533629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9989958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9989958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7422592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7422592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17412550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17412550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17412550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17412550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        97360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        97360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21638291032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21638291032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    139510354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139510354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21777801386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21777801386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21777801386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21777801386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10085155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10085155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7424755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7424755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18054                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17509910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17509910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17509910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17509910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227300.135845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227300.135845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64498.545539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64498.545539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 223683.251705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223683.251705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 223683.251705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223683.251705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            9                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9055926079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9055926079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15593278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15593278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9071519357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9071519357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9071519357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9071519357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246105.010707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246105.010707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72865.785047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72865.785047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245103.330280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245103.330280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245103.330280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245103.330280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.999550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012844698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1955298.644788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.999550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11520547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11520547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11520547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11520547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11520547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11520547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11520599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11520599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11520599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11520599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11520599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11520599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                53353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172014678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                53609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3208.690295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.928612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.071388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8124353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8124353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6869707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6869707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14994060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14994060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14994060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14994060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       187263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       187263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  77940306807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77940306807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3124556541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3124556541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  81064863348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81064863348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  81064863348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81064863348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8306285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8306285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6875038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6875038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15181323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15181323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15181323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15181323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 428403.506843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428403.506843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 586110.774902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 586110.774902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432893.114753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432893.114753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432893.114753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432893.114753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41149752                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 437763.319149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       128734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18523010092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18523010092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15353614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15353614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18538363706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18538363706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18538363706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18538363706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 348189.971277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348189.971277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99055.574194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99055.574194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 347466.191329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347466.191329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 347466.191329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347466.191329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.324857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1041957755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1787234.571184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.311747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.013109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11000990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11000990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11000990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11000990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11000990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11000990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100171957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100171957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11001045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11001045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11001045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11001045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11001045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11001045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1821308.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76035610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76035610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1900890.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                75222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              446714002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                75478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5918.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.896401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.103599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     28793126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28793126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44560119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       44560119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44560119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      44560119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       275729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       275729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       275729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135256068646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135256068646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    268017226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    268017226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135524085872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135524085872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135524085872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135524085872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     29068561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29068561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44835848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44835848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44835848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44835848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491063.476486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491063.476486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 911623.217687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911623.217687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491511.904341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491511.904341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491511.904341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491511.904341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1267585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1267585                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       200504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35657025258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35657025258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     70237594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70237594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35727262852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35727262852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35727262852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35727262852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474459.106862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474459.106862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 975522.138889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975522.138889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474938.688627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474938.688627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474938.688627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474938.688627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              516.647800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012194728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1954043.876448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.647800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.066743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12186632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12186632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12186632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12186632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12186632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12186632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85279879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85279879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85279879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85279879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85279879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85279879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12186686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12186686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12186686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579257.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1579257.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579257.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1579257.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579257.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1579257.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67740904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67740904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67740904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67740904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67740904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67740904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575369.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575369.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575369.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575369.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575369.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575369.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                40881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166572238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4049.207234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.167557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.832443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.910811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.089189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8384256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8384256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7058012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7058012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15442268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15442268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15442268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15442268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       130503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       131411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       131411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44483333341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44483333341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76114757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76114757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44559448098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44559448098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44559448098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44559448098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8514759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8514759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7058920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7058920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15573679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15573679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15573679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15573679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340860.618844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340860.618844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83826.824890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83826.824890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339084.613145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339084.613145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339084.613145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339084.613145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        89775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11872118392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11872118392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9910902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9910902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11882029294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882029294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11882029294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882029294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291497.701630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291497.701630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64356.506494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64356.506494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 290642.074605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290642.074605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 290642.074605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290642.074605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.990769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017032125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918928.537736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.990769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11256800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11256800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11256800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11256800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126485884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126485884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126485884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126485884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    126485884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126485884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11256860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11256860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11256860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11256860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108098.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2108098.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108098.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2108098.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2108098.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2108098.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82661100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82661100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82661100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82661100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82661100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82661100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2066527.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2066527.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2066527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2066527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2066527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2066527.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                66239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180157103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                66495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2709.333078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.088403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.911597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7800128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7800128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6461041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14261169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14261169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14261169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14261169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75078900538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75078900538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    359146087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359146087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75438046625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75438046625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75438046625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75438046625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7972835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7972835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6461923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6461923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14434758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14434758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14434758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14434758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434718.341110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434718.341110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 407195.109977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407195.109977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434578.496477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434578.496477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434578.496477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434578.496477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29653489693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29653489693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     35575773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35575773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29689065466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29689065466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29689065466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29689065466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448513.797066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448513.797066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286901.395161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286901.395161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448211.257205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448211.257205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448211.257205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448211.257205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
