
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111578317968                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639353694513                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304647                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   387995                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1959128                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67756928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56953.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17350589416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22097512361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3725184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2386176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4424320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2376064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3733632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1536256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2320256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1105152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2323968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2321152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2388608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3742848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1106560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37742720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10947840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10947840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        34565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        18661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                294865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13745466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33386271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21385660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39652148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21295033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9911603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33461985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13768410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20794864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9904720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20828133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20802895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21407457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33544582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13754644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9917339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               338262135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             700925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98117987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98117987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98117987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13745466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33386271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21385660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39652148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21295033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9911603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33461985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13768410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20794864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9904720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20828133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20802895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21407457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33544582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13754644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9917339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              436380122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889357                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10890859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237553953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213454717     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420718      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107888      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177439      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241502      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237553953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12958306                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1761594                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9943375                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513330                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513330                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26001984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237553953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180623491     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452761      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870575      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911872      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012060      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836913      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790089      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931789      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124403      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237553953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25254     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81844     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060606     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160869      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506637015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1459245                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436563                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102639                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997232                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234106085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183596871     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045336     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453631      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507238      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814503      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181111      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894159      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753462      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234106085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753462                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372788498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              30019952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274060                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18800945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15375572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1839707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7891947                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7428897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1933346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182590608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            106634390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18800945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9362243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22359589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5338883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8445567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11229336                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1851698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    216854320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      194494731     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1216826      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1919306      0.89%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3047955      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1263129      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1417480      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1503124      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         983097      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11008672      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    216854320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      180867157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10182684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22289777                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        56612                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3458086                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3082276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    130228093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2897                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3458086                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      181142614                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2047281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      7311233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22075751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       819351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    130140545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        38717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       221630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       298342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67129                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    180663467                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    605378924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    605378924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154302573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26360815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        33683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18763                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2388415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12415633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6671001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1513766                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        129954524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       123069554                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16351238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36318722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3690                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216854320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164920281     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20868806      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11403851      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7765423      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7249750      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2088978      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1625346      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554269      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       377616      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216854320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28581     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87858     38.60%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111147     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103096048     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1943609      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14918      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11379217      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6635762      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    123069554                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227586                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463376374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146340873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121091386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    123297140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       372387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2231543                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          322                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       197037                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7678                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3458086                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1266259                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129988453                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12415633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6671001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18750                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1076738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1047893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2124631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121317047                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10703505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17337539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17078739                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6634034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453396                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            121092322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           121091386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        70803278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184946452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452553                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90636637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    111097361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18891476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30090                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1878983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213396234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168297455     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21840773     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8502923      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4578836      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3432586      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1914723      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1182206      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1056817      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2589915      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213396234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90636637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    111097361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16658041                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10184082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15947558                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       100106997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2256893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2589915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340794545                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         263436056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2959176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              50719585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90636637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           111097361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90636637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.952161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.952161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      547086674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     167846891                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     121468479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30062                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19647701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16110472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8058452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7663587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187519150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            111742445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19647701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9679540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24569562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5478118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17649686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11555788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    233260025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208690463     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2664802      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3078317      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1690468      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1944463      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1070704      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         729735      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1905005      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11486068      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    233260025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      185980623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     19217041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24365401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       193329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3503630                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3191190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    136406315                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        89437                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3503630                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      186278789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6156886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12224213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24268781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       827717                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    136323669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       211829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       383113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    189435047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    634731492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    634731492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    161627451                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27807592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19838                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2216407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13020053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7091204                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1577534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        136097770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35680                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       128568212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17104032                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39618615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3937                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233260025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179096509     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21775886      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11702887      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8110091      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7088232      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3622632      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878062      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563989      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421737      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233260025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33201     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119842     43.17%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124533     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107607298     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2011632      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15740      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11894231      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7039311      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    128568212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480496                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490857162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153238719                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126422634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    128845788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2310138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          812                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1240                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3944                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3503630                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5705191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136133564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13020053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7091204                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98450                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1240                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1082626                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2194883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126668217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11167463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1899995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 114                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18205126                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17718866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7037663                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473395                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126424446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126422634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75135641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       196817404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94912875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    116446443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19688539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31743                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1933790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229756395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182184897     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22060781      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9246411      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556158      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3843257      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2483112      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1290916      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036622      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2054241      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229756395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     94912875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    116446443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17639632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10709914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16665354                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       104981269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2369099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2054241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          363836499                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         275773670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2874062                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              34313880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          94912875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           116446443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     94912875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.819153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.819153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.354716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.354716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      571363024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     175454061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127299329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31712                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18068020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16306409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945032                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6805096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191707990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            113538579                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18068020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7459651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22459965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2979147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     26820084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10996237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    242999707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      220539742     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         801299      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1639725      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         699178      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3729524      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3330818      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         644894      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1343322      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10271205      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    242999707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067525                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      189701016                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     28840404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22376621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        71772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2009889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1583196                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          494                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    133128623                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2009889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      189954950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      26830891                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1139436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22224710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       839824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    133057146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       433258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       276609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6021                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    156214992                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    626649999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    626649999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    138536529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17678447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15422                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1945644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     31393849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15875969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       144959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       767814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        132799504                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       127626880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10284407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24745644                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242999707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197147677     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14012577      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11330421      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4891779      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6110584      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5791116      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3291101      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262014      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162438      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242999707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320987     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2452352     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71650      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80060162     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1114419      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7643      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30605729     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15838927     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    127626880                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476978                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2844989                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501170214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143102695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126542529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    130471869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1217781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          106                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2009889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      26179725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       252643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132815055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31393849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15875969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7778                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       551009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1108551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126741255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30507936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       885625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           46345324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16609411                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15837388                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473668                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126545782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126542529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        68364097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       134964454                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506534                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102828311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120839940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11989461                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       965763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240989817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196991691     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16197974      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7541913      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7416780      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2052408      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8484223      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644968      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471635      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188225      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240989817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    102828311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120839940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             45954150                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            30176065                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7692                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15957861                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       107455447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1170479                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1188225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          372630681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         267668895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4114264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              24574198                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         102828311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120839940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    102828311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.602142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.602142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      626574219                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     146946500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     158520751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        15384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19639701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8184459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7671292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2016127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187557746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111616507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19639701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9687419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24553355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5466370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17673517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11557153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    233291415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208738060     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2663463      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3079492      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1692861      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1944641      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1078297      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         728368      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1900484      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11465749      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    233291415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      186020669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19239237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24349131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       193546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3488831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3188888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17967                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136250960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        89418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3488831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      186318213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6347917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12053592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24252569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       830284                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136165988                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       214509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       383088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189215611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    633940625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    633940625                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    161623440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27592168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35920                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2216889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13013250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7083841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1567331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        135942964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128511008                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16941634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39088067                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233291415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179133977     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21789796      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11707231      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8093974      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7079280      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3622193      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879114      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564741      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421109      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233291415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33807     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118202     42.74%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124556     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107564426     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007373      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15740      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11891728      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7031741      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128511008                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490773315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152921823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126365641                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128787573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324509                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1237                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154290                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4477                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5885428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143875                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135979077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13013250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7083841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1237                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2196585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126610811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11168462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18198668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17718341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7030206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473181                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126367659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126365641                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75105772                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       196683182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94910558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    116443548                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19536960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31744                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1936370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229802584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182229657     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22061645      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9245428      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559863      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3842248      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484984      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288098      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036330      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2054331      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229802584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     94910558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    116443548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17639197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10709646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16664938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104978652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2369033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2054331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363728124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         275449919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2876288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34282490                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          94910558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           116443548                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     94910558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.819222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.819222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      571122976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     175374586                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127167612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31714                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23189033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19309535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2111435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9120758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8497998                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2499165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202009087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127250275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23189033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10997163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26532353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5860342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     18311493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12542146                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018232                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    250585756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      224053403     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1627385      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2055180      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3272793      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1370725      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1760624      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2056087      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         937369      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13452190      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    250585756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200828980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19608274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26406722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3729377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3526446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    155519204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3729377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201031303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        645396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     18400513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26216925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       562236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    154560752                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        81578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       392247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    215908410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    718829024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    718829024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    180850579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       35057823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        38105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1982035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14455062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7564421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84229                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        150913188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       144864968                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18181283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36898572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2062                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250585756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189189024     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28020243     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11439197      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6410978      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8696077      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669485      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2634019      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1416314      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110419      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250585756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998823     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133437     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129172     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122044996     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981305      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17935      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13279823      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540909      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    144864968                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541720767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169133390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141097596                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    146126400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2700508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        491320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62822                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150951430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14455062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1257067                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2432002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142343643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13061713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2521325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20602162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20129752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7540449                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.531979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            141097885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           141097596                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84541443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       227131773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105215291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    129650133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21301973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2129462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246856379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191981119     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27808443     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10097446      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5032262      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4602896      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935552      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908783      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911054      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578824      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246856379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    105215291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    129650133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19223982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11754554                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18046                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18792777                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       116727120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2677297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2578824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395228933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         305633603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3062331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16988149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         105215291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           129650133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    105215291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.543109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.543109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      640525246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     197176120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     143858446                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        36144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267573836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18827189                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15398059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1838393                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7758066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7420923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1934634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182657674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            106859162                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18827189                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9355557                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22389342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5358561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8389700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11233776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1850459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    216916284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      194526942     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1217495      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1916588      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3052414      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1263192      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1408509      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1507185      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         982636      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11041323      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    216916284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      180915677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10145268                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22319732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        56509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3479094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3085980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    130474567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2915                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3479094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      181196303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2015668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7300357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22100696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       824162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    130388102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        37478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       223479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       303913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61281                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    181006226                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    606563308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    606563308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    154385227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       26620790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18659                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2421406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12423417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6679806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1520385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        130201631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       123194935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155581                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16538351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36948945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3581                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216916284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164947178     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20872708      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11404085      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7776500      3.59%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7267863      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2085924      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1629778      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553167      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379081      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216916284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28568     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87688     38.55%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111202     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103200146     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949547      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14926      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11385861      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6644455      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    123194935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.460415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227458                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463689193                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146775016                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121217106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    123422393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1379                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3479094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1256258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130235459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12423417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6679806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        82344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1379                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1072784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1051305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2124089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121443296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10708876                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1751639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17351544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17091967                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6642668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            121217970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           121217106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        70873052                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       185159822                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.453023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90685136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    111156813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19078962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1877631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213437190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168314338     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21854044     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8506501      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4583132      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3430579      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1914624      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1184793      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1057255      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2591924      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213437190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     90685136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    111156813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16666954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10189526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15020                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15956080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       100160582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2258103                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2591924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          341080430                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         263951057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2960149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              50657552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          90685136                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           111156813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     90685136                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.950581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.950581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      547632711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     168016461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     121705450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        30082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20680812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16921491                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8700162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8157058                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2138668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199485729                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            115590941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20680812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10295726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24146454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5513766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     10608611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12204941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2029896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    237699519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      213553065     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1130421      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1791527      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2423861      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2495450      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2106657      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1180249      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1753899      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11264390      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    237699519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      197432810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     12679004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24101748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        27597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3458355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3403718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    141864136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3458355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      197974711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1783653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      9640425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23593520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1248850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    141809817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       185983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       535464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    197884864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    659686301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    659686301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171806842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26078022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35648                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18754                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3704767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13288960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7194938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1692567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        141640135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134629915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15477158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36883696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1709                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237699519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180719582     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23438559      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11876301      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8943913      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7031484      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2838485      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1793616      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       933674      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123905      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237699519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25258     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81971     36.63%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116562     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113236077     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2004272      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16887      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12201082      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171597      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134629915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223791                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507201504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157153611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132599834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    134853706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3458355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1480929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141676043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13288960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18760                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102895                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2318180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132760325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11478844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1869590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18650161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18871855                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7171317                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496163                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            132600050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           132599834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76113484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       205100569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100152209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123236161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18439891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2054306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234241164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183691995     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25047739     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9472864      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4510101      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3800898      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2182428      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911479      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861495      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2762165      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234241164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100152209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123236161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18261554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11161198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16992                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17770866                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       111034250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2537678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2762165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          373154362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         286810515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3027074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              29874386                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100152209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123236161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100152209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.671673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.671673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      597538103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     184714342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     131501152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18393599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16414935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12309825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11982317                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1110426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194263066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104433532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18393599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13092743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23288264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4802418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7792133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11754669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1440749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228669908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      205381644     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3540613      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1798527      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3504800      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1134200      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3244290      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         513665      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         830565      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8721604      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228669908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192422376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9677330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23242215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3309128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1745311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17317                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    116894493                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        32727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3309128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192631937                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6226665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2786541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23034592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       681038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    116723993                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        91686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       519729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    153055958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    529117451                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    529117451                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    124222067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28833886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1570439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     20988811                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3435050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       780001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        116121749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       108774282                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20867978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42719402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228669908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180975707     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15037520      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15961411      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9224708      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4786090      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199336      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424576      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33160      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27400      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228669908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182992     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75191     23.51%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61675     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85338866     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857003      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7782      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19164952     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3405679      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    108774282                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446609653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137005825                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106017623                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    109094140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4264420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3309128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5452645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81922                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116137640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20988811                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3435050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2142                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991222                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1555442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107389060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18887029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1385222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22292509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16320494                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3405480                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            106042011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           106017623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        64139085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       139967199                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.396218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84441622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     95123717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21018589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15693                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1458431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225360780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189915935     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13947921      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8937327      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2816859      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4663475      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915603      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579488      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531654      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3052518      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225360780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     84441622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     95123717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20080880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            16724388                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         14589822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        83146820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1194787                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3052518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          338450256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         235596347                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4329920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              38903997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          84441622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            95123717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     84441622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.168744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.168744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      499076106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     138203225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124047679                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15678                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23172127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19294774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2110074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9112192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8491315                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2496768                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201826527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            127152954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23172127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10988083                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26511088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5857396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18542155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12532016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    250611049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      224099961     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1625575      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2052342      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3269325      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1370154      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1760887      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2054791      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         937658      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13440356      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    250611049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086601                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      200646119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19839416                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26385278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3727793                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3524643                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    155398742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3727793                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      200848701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        646025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18630566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26195311                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       562647                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    154438436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        81790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       392479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    215735841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    718245696                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    718245696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    180683581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       35052244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        38076                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1981427                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14443759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7558658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        150793036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       144744848                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18176907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36887504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2069                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250611049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189268700     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27991438     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11432665      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6402070      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8691053      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668619      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2631352      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414765      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110387      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250611049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997108     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133433     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129042     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121944314     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979390      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17918      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13268001      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7535225      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    144744848                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259583                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541503618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169008838                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140979152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    146004431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2700086                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96152                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3727793                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        491721                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150831253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14443759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7558658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255913                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2430858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142223805                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13049670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2521039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20584437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20114019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7534767                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            140979437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           140979152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84469180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       226929174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105118156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    129530376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21301515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2128096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246883256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192059225     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27781468     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10088781      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028247      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4598173      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1933527      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1907236      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909930      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576669      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246883256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    105118156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    129530376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19206179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11743673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18775414                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       116619282                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2674816                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2576669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          395137750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         305391602                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3060446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16962856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         105118156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           129530376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    105118156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      639979122                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     197008712                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     143747335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        36112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267573485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18417789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16435897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12331728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11995512                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194500701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104577483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18417789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23320397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4808289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7770727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11768702                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    228922718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      205602321     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3545778      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1801051      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3509692      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1133996      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3248339      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         514293      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         830784      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8736464      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    228922718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068833                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192656776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9659334                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23274177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3313563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1747860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117062079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3313563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      192867071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6232265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2760795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23066006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       683011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    116890831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153274246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    529881309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    529881309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124399276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28874847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15779                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1575869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21019792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3440813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       781425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116286554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       108928014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70501                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20898436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42789214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228922718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181164917     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15056722      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15980527      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9237186      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4793771      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201988      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426958      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33284      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27365      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228922718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182931     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75380     23.55%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61831     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85460806     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858498      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7794      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19189418     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411498      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    108928014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320142                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447169389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137201112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106166839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109248156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4274793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3313563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5455706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116302475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21019792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39195                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2165                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991588                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1556993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107541187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18911531                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1386827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22322844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16342810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3411313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106191496                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106166839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64232483                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140184127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396776                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84557428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95257144                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21049907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15717                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1459841                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225609155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190114924     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13966997      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8950170      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2821304      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4668543      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       917213      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580975      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       532424      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3056605      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225609155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84557428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95257144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20106945                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16744967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14609998                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83264374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1196752                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3056605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          338859289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         235930376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4335687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              38650767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84557428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95257144                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84557428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.164400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.164400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      499775334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138398364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124216920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18378587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16400806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1465908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12300840                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11970982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44671                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194058506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104343670                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18378587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13080327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23267488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4797272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7824629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11742613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1439016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228473713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      205206225     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3537160      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1797092      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3502044      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1132726      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3240087      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         513678      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         829781      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8714920      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228473713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068686                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192217621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9710044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23221513                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3305788                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1744654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17302                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    116793690                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32684                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3305788                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192426870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6241796                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2803747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23014150                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       681355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    116624405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       520819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152931315                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    528662118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    528662118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124120541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28810764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7966                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1571753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20968911                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3433021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22398                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       779719                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        116021585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15799                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       108679491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20847934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42690558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228473713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180821228     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15026726      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15945293      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9215773      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4781738      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198043      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424186      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33231      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27495      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228473713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183091     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75196     23.50%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61692     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85265710     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856572      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19145802     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3403629      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    108679491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.406166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446223685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136885611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105924219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    108999470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4262400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3305788                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5467048                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81790                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116037466                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20968911                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3433021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7964                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39282                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2175                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990267                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563900                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1554167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107296834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18869041                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1382656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22272478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16306638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3403437                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            105948501                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           105924219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64082968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       139845163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84366658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95043092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20999047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1456656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225167925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189749306     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13939928      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929964      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2815070      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4658450      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915683      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579621      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531139      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3048764      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225167925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84366658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95043092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20061215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16706511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14577097                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83077541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1194156                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3048764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          338160988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         235392677                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4326554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              39100192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84366658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95043092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84366658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.171560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.171560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      498632696                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138086286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     123937375                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19615492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16084443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1919126                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8058613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7653768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2011840                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187181803                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            111544445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19615492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9665608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24526016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5466223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17578452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11533615                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1908204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    232799741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208273725     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2659484      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3077011      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1688339      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1937175      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1069326      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         729603      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1901235      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11463843      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    232799741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      185647458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19141459                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24321286                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       193990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3495547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3185691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17924                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    136151986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        88930                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3495547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      185946308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6434718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     11870655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24224531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       827973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    136069412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       211312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       383512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    189087209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    633529097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    633529097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    161350619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27736529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2217949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12990158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7076913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186131                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1575458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        135845782                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128334308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17050484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39491587                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3781                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232799741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178734674     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21734819      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11683118      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8098337      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7071594      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3615384      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878456      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562662      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420697      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232799741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33617     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118098     42.84%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123945     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107414853     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007922      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15713      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11870401      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7025419      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128334308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.479622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275660                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489926282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152932961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126197453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    128609968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322369                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2298550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          802                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1228                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159037                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7858                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3961                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5972340                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135881372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12990158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7076913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1228                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1111087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2190630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126440337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11145664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18169592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17688713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7023928                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472544                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            126199303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           126197453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75002849                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       196445436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94750343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    116247060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19635478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31688                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1930113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229304194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181813705     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22023861      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9229726      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5547919      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3835671      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2480010      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1286909      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035342      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2051051      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229304194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     94750343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    116247060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17609461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10691594                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15810                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16636797                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       104801562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2365053                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2051051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          363135044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         275260752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2868089                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              34774164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          94750343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           116247060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     94750343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.823989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.823989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      570342184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     175141985                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     127072673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18867729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15432123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1843728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7800725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7440450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1939673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183098781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            107094466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18867729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9380123                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22439345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5370115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8244487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11261168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1855869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    217268309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      194828964     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1219356      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1920876      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3059302      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1267216      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1410697      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1514793      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         985462      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11061643      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    217268309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400243                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      181359151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9997923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22369430                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        56572                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3485229                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3091620                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          445                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    130759445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2888                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3485229                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      181638410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2012942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7146357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22151675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       833692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    130673082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        46628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       224305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       302261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        72824                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    181407162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    607892917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    607892917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    154759330                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26647770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33779                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2415672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12449335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6695527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1524500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        130489033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33875                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       123474591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       156804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16554573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36996349                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3692                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217268309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165177104     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20930202      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11422930      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7796249      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7282479      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092005      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1631569      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555741      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       380030      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217268309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28572     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87290     38.39%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111510     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103432597     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1953599      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14963      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11413900      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6659532      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    123474591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464601663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147078833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121494182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    123701963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       370849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          357                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1388                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7708                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3485229                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1261982                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111654                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130523046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12449335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6695527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        82298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1388                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053016                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2130506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121720944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10733380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17391142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17129128                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6657762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454906                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            121495044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           121494182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71034689                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       185578881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.454058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90904914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    111426117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19097361                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1883080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213783079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168553146     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21905444     10.25%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8524414      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4595704      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3438724      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921217      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185489      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1060710      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2598231      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213783079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     90904914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    111426117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16707356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10214192                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15994680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       100403284                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2263570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2598231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          341707715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         264532427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2967705                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              50305596                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          90904914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           111426117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     90904914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.943448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.943448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      548892521                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     168406447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     121974284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20657078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16901712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8680330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199194429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115455606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20657078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10279937                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24116535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5502272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10837272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12186049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024841                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    237600572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      213484037     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1128978      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1790074      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2420489      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2491256      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2105828      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1175470      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1749897      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11254543      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    237600572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      197143071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12905932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24072127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        27473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3451964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3400156                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141694163                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3451964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197684421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1801015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      9851152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23564329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1247686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141640565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       185635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       535134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    197653292                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    658890248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    658890248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171618268                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26035024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3703656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13270586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7186828                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1689078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141471129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134474526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15445632                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36795190                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1667                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237600572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180689137     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23406599      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11862566      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8937559      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7022090      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834115      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1792520      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931825      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124161      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237600572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25143     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81894     36.64%     47.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116448     52.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113105989     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2002003      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16869      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12185839      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7163826      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134474526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223485                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506791476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156952994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132448497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    134698011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1498201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141506959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13270586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7186828                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180304                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2312456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132608727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11467374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18630921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18851760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7163547                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495597                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132448732                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132448497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76030260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204863066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100042426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123101090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18405880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2049202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234148608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183654757     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25020519     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9460126      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507872      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3796220      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181098      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908487      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860821      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2758708      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234148608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100042426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123101090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18241601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11148992                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16974                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17751391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110912569                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2534905                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2758708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372896181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286465960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3021151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              29973333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100042426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123101090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100042426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.674604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.674604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596859557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184502360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131349704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267573905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23198034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19317956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2113789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9121636                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8502850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2499367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202121440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127292064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23198034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11002217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26541487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5864877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     18196021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12550181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    250593921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      224052434     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1627211      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2056844      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3273281      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1373491      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1762035      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2055784      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         937904      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13454937      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    250593921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200941060                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     19492937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26415980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12413                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3731524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3526933                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          512                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    155566661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2849                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3731524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      201143112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        646365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     18284359                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26226563                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       561992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154610443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       391955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    215983599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    719053380                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    719053380                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    180919789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       35063781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        38080                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1977595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14458152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7565411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1711844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150958905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38213                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       144909392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18185086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36886427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250593921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189170512     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28039536     11.19%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11442887      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6411373      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8697230      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669599      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2636916      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415392      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110476      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250593921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999182     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133229     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129231     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122086079     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1982024      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17942      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13281277      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7542070      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    144909392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261642                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541817090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169182895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141142547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    146171034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3731524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        492356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150997125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14458152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7565411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54863                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          692                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1259984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2435161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142386009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13063546                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20605160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20136899                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7541614                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532137                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            141142843                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           141142547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84568782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       227193984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105255600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129699721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21297984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2131830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246862397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191963295     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27822221     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10102634      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5032096      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4605207      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1936082      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910288      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911614      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578960      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246862397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105255600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129699721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19231289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11759020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18054                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18799944                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116771777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2678319                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2578960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          395280414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         305726966                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3066122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16979984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105255600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129699721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105255600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.542135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.542135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393370                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393370                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      640719088                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     197242914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143904790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        36160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.046593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.463831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.011079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9970536248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10034854165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9970536248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10034854165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9970536248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10034854165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 832056.767754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834638.124012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 832056.767754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834638.124012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 832056.767754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834638.124012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8918183903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8918183903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8918183903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744298.439576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746879.803693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744298.439576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746879.803693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744298.439576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746879.803693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        29152                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.602364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         163943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        31200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.254583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.593404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1654.450929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         377.464677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.807837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.184309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36882                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36883                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               29112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                29142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29103                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               29142                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67496344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27202902697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27270399041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30336113                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30336113                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67496344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27233238810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    27300735154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67496344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27233238810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   27300735154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             65901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              66025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             66025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1730675.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935675.805627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936740.829933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1011203.766667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011203.766667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1730675.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935753.661478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936817.485210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1730675.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 935753.661478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936817.485210                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           29142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          29142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64071508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24649496513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24713568021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27702113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27702113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64071508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24677198626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24741270134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64071508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24677198626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24741270134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.441055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1642859.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847848.399305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848913.438479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 923403.766667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923403.766667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1642859.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847926.283407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848990.121955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1642859.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 847926.283407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848990.121955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        18691                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.531238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         229372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        20739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.059935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.136958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.972138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1654.266393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         358.155749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.807747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 34607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               18955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  34755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34754                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 34755                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               18674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                18681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               18681                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15772722122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15847674460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4274282                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4274282                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15776996404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15851948742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74952338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15776996404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15851948742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             53281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           18955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              53436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             53436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.045161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846403.118970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848649.162472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 610611.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610611.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846314.580195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848559.966918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1921854.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 846314.580195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848559.966918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              10107                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   10107                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           18681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          18681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14136307016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14207835154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3659682                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3659682                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14139966698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14211494836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71528138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14139966698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14211494836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.045161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758589.053716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760835.126593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 522811.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 522811.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758500.520223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760745.936299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1834054.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 758500.520223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760745.936299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        34604                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.938715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         203001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        36652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.538606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.604593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.772901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1820.242652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         222.318569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.888790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.108554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 40600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12873                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12873                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  40627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40626                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 40627                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               34558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                34604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34565                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               34604                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82658973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32729702846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32812361819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     75245303                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75245303                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82658973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32804948149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    32887607122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82658973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32804948149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   32887607122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             75158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              75231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             75231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.630137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.630137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2119460.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 948164.861265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949486.712744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1635767.456522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1635767.456522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2119460.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 949079.940663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950399.003641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2119460.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 949079.940663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950399.003641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5438                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5438                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           34604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          34604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79234773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29698314904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29777549677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     71206503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71206503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79234773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29769521407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29848756180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79234773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29769521407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29848756180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.630137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.459696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2031660.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860346.907616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861668.779356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1547967.456522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1547967.456522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2031660.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861262.010907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862581.094093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2031660.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861262.010907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862581.094093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18610                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.532360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         229412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.105238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.075222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.617381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1652.387016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         360.452741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.806830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34825                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34826                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18599                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80306520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15696991122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15777297642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80306520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15702856750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15783163270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80306520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15702856750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15783163270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             53272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              53425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             53425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230736.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845879.782400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848561.159684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230736.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845922.358994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848602.788860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2230736.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845922.358994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848602.788860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77144822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14067512308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14144657130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77144822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14072851136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14149995958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77144822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14072851136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14149995958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2142911.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758070.394353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760751.741516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2142911.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758112.973980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760793.373730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2142911.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758112.973980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760793.373730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8680                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.213545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         216281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        20.160421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.109298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     6.036487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1395.035957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         608.031803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.681170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.296891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8814                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8814                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28414                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28416                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8680                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041920836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7147215830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041920836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     7147215830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105294994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7041920836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    7147215830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             36882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              37096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        37054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             37096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815037.133796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823411.961982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815037.133796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823411.961982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2632374.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815037.133796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823411.961982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6283210969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384993963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6283210969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384993963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101782994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6283210969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384993963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727223.491782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735598.382834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727223.491782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735598.382834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2544574.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727223.491782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735598.382834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        29219                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.601627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         163991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        31267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.244859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.240327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.657470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1651.830096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         379.873733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.806558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.185485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7633                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7633                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36922                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36923                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               29180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                29211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29171                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               29211                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70842392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27171760743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27242603135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30690174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30690174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70842392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27202450917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    27273293309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70842392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  27202450917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   27273293309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             66009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              66134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             66134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771059.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 932455.756452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933605.316484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 990005.612903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990005.612903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771059.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 932516.914641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933665.170963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771059.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 932516.914641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933665.170963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4355                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           29211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          29211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67329495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24612726289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24680055784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27966443                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27966443                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67329495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24640692732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24708022227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67329495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24640692732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24708022227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.441363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1683237.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844637.141009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845786.695819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 902143.322581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902143.322581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1683237.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844698.252785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845846.503954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1683237.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 844698.252785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845846.503954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        12047                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.448728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         193552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        14095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.731962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.928273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.191762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1518.617885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         496.710808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.741513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.242535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28934                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28936                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               12043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                12043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               12043                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66463287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9748694696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9815157983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66463287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9748694696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     9815157983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66463287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9748694696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    9815157983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             40825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              40979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             40979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621055.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812255.848692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815009.381632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621055.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812255.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815009.381632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621055.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 812255.848692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815009.381632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5265                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           12043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          12043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62863487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8694805544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8757669031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62863487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8694805544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8757669031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62863487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8694805544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8757669031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1533255.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724446.387602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727199.952753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1533255.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724446.387602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727199.952753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1533255.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724446.387602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727199.952753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18162                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.842415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.866007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.578071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.556906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1660.170163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         355.537276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.810630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.173602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34491                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34492                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18161                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55712172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14352987030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14408699202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55712172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14352987030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    14408699202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55712172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14352987030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   14408699202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             52586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              52653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             52653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638593.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 791801.568379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793386.884092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638593.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 791801.568379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793386.884092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1638593.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 791801.568379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793386.884092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52726661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12761104029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12813830690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52726661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12761104029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12813830690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52726661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12761104029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12813830690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1550784.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 703983.231037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705568.563956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1550784.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 703983.231037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705568.563956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1550784.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 703983.231037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705568.563956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8674                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.218149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         216264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.170118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.114318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.039931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1394.858129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         608.205770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.681083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.296975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 28191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  28405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 28405                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8674                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105998480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7134576467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7240574947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105998480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7134576467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7240574947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105998480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7134576467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7240574947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             36865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              37079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        37037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             37079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2649962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826335.008918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834744.633041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2649962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826335.008918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834744.633041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2649962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826335.008918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834744.633041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102474431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6375896777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6478371208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102474431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6375896777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6478371208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102474431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6375896777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6478371208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.233118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561860.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738463.837966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746872.401199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561860.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738463.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746872.401199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561860.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738463.837966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746872.401199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        18191                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.832407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        20239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.849153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.629435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.566617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1661.342874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         355.293480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.173483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 34396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  34466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34465                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 34466                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               18191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                18191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               18191                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14237968900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14301320568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14237968900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14301320568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14237968900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14301320568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             52587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              52657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             52657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784158.666079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786175.612556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784158.666079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786175.612556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 784158.666079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786175.612556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           18191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          18191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12643664090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12704030558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12643664090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12704030558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12643664090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12704030558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696352.045492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698369.004343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696352.045492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698369.004343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 696352.045492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698369.004343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18169                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.841030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.856062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.646035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.606406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1660.899962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         355.688627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.810986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.173676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34436                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34437                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18168                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44216992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14424628403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14468845395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44216992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14424628403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14468845395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44216992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14424628403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14468845395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             52538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              52605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             52605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1300499.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795446.586688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796391.754458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1300499.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795446.586688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796391.754458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1300499.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795446.586688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796391.754458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41229093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12831953060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12873182153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41229093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12831953060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12873182153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41229093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12831953060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12873182153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1212620.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707618.454836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708563.526695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1212620.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707618.454836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708563.526695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1212620.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707618.454836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708563.526695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        18708                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.519631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         229298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        20756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        11.047312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.034479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.754725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1648.936857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         363.793570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.805145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.177634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 34615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               18875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  34764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34763                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 34764                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               18690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                18697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18662                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               18697                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16072090825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16137199269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5036572                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5036572                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16077127397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16142235841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65108444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16077127397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16142235841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             53305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           18875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              53461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             53461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 861543.330206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863413.551043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 719510.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 719510.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 861490.054496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863359.674868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1860241.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 861490.054496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863359.674868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              10101                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   10101                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           18697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          18697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14433708084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14495743528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4421972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4421972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14438130056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14500165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62035444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14438130056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14500165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 773717.935352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775588.203745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 631710.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631710.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 773664.669167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775534.337059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1772441.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 773664.669167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775534.337059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        29291                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.612099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         164089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        31339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.235936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.235294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.612213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1652.315908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         379.448685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.806795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.185278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 36912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  37006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37005                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 37006                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               29251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                29281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29241                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               29281                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26961894420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27027174636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22694880                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22694880                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26984589300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    27049869516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65280216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  26984589300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   27049869516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             66163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              66287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        66246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             66287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923004.841327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923974.381594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       756496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       756496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922834.010465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923802.790752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1632005.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922834.010465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923802.790752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4370                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           29281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          29281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24396671459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24458439300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20060880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20060880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24416732339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24478500180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61767841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24416732339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24478500180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835187.821677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836157.372398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       668696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       668696                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835017.008276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835985.798982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1544196.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835017.008276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835985.798982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        12035                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.448770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         193498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        14083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.739828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.196958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1518.426127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         496.900222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.741419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.242627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28897                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28899                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               12032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                12032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               12032                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69048083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9935593450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10004641533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69048083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9935593450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    10004641533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69048083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9935593450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   10004641533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             40777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              40931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             40931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684099.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828587.561504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831502.786985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684099.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828587.561504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831502.786985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684099.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828587.561504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831502.786985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5263                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           12031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          12031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65448189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8881526435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946974624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65448189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8881526435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946974624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65448189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8881526435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8946974624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596297.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740744.489992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743660.096750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596297.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740744.489992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743660.096750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1596297.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740744.489992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743660.096750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         8684                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.221954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         216314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        10732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        20.155982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.118347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     6.087819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1395.253371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         607.762416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.681276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.296759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 28228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8821                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8821                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  28441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28439                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 28441                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                8684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 8684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                8684                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102450244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6965866513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7068316757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102450244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6965866513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7068316757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102450244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6965866513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7068316757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             36912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              37125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             37125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2626929.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805768.249046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813947.116191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2626929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805768.249046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813947.116191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2626929.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805768.249046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813947.116191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            8684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           8684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99026044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6206747659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6305773703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99026044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6206747659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6305773703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99026044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6206747659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6305773703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2539129.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717958.086640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726136.999424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2539129.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717958.086640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726136.999424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2539129.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717958.086640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726136.999424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.421663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44561188682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44561188682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77653442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77653442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44638842124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44638842124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44638842124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44638842124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340572.512511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340572.512511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84040.521645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84040.521645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338773.599593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338773.599593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338773.599593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338773.599593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11943620456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11943620456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11953674198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11953674198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11953674198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11953674198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 293310.914931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293310.914931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64447.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64447.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292437.474264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292437.474264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292437.474264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292437.474264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.989628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017004601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1918876.605660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.989628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11229276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11229276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11229276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11229276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11229276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11229276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100691815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100691815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100691815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100691815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11229336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11229336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11229336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11229336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11229336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11229336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678196.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1678196.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678196.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1678196.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1678196.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1678196.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67900927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67900927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697523.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697523.175000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697523.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697523.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1697523.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1697523.175000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                65985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180118870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                66241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2719.144789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.086878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.913122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7780306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7780306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6442713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6442713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14223019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14223019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14223019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14223019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       173152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       173152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       173152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       173152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  75710132691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75710132691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    380206446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380206446                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  76090339137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76090339137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  76090339137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76090339137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7952584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7952584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6443587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6443587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14396171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14396171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14396171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14396171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439464.892157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439464.892157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 435018.816934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435018.816934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439442.450200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439442.450200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439442.450200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439442.450200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       155717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       155717                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        65985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29859546781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29859546781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36654507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36654507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29896201288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29896201288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29896201288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29896201288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453372.204810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453372.204810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 295600.862903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295600.862903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453075.718542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453075.718542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453075.718542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453075.718542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.385561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012879883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1940382.917625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.385561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.061515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11555732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11555732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11555732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11555732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11555732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11555732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    117722263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117722263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11555788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11555788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11555788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11555788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11555788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11555788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2102183.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75377908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75377908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1884447.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                53396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172061416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                53652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3206.989786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.927702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.072298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8150509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8150509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6890217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15040726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15040726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15040726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15040726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       187573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       187573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       187573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76867700807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76867700807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3234376819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3234376819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80102077626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80102077626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  80102077626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80102077626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8332566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8332566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6895733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6895733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15856                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15228299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15228299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15228299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15228299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 422217.771396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422217.771396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 586362.730058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 586362.730058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427044.817890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427044.817890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427044.817890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427044.817890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46874975                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 493420.789474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       128816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18203185038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18203185038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13945960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13945960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18217130998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18217130998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18217130998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18217130998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341901.636671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341901.636671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 89973.935484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89973.935484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341170.331073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341170.331073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341170.331073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341170.331073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.408086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1041952942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1787226.315609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.395005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.013082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10996177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10996177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10996177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10996177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10996177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10996177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110322307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110322307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110322307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110322307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    110322307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110322307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10996236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10996236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10996236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10996236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10996236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10996236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869869.610169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869869.610169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869869.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869869.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1869869.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869869.610169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83064204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83064204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83064204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83064204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83064204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83064204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2076605.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076605.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2076605.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076605.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2076605.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2076605.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                75191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              446695067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                75447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5920.647170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.896722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.103278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28779005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28779005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15762186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15762186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     44541191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       44541191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     44541191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      44541191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       275973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       275973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135629254498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135629254498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    303055732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    303055732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135932310230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135932310230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 135932310230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135932310230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     29054687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29054687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15762477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15762477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     44817164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44817164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     44817164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44817164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491977.185663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491977.185663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1041428.632302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1041428.632302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492556.555279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492556.555279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492556.555279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492556.555279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230401                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1230401                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       200782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        75191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35789308180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35789308180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77440278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77440278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35866748458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35866748458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35866748458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35866748458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 476441.174951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476441.174951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1060825.726027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060825.726027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 477008.531048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477008.531048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 477008.531048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477008.531048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.923540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012881254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951601.645472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.923540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11557103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11557103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11557103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125435674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125435674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125435674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125435674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125435674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125435674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2508713.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2508713.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2508713.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2508713.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2508713.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2508713.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80694974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80694974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80694974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80694974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80694974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80694974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2180945.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2180945.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2180945.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2180945.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2180945.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2180945.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172060985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3207.460014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.926586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.073414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8149824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8149824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6890172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15039996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15039996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15039996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15039996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       188099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       188099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77075631831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77075631831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3372165027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3372165027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80447796858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80447796858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80447796858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80447796858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8332530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8332530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6895565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6895565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15228095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15228095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15228095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15228095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421856.051969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421856.051969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 625285.560356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625285.560356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427688.594081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427688.594081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427688.594081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427688.594081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51971329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 552886.478723                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       129471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18131290328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18131290328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18146752869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18146752869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18146752869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18146752869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340589.655828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340589.655828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339903.215498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339903.215498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339903.215498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339903.215498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.049299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015641523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2043544.311871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.049299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12542083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12542083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12542083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12542083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12542083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12542083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160453360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12542143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12542143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12542143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12542143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12542143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12542143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2674222.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105763155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2518170.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                37054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164706376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                37310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4414.537014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.469558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.530442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     10001585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10001585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7430754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7430754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19884                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17432339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17432339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17432339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17432339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        97437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        97437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        97437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21379771489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21379771489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139581492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21519352981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21519352981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21519352981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21519352981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     10096859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10096859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7432917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7432917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17529776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17529776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17529776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17529776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 224403.000703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224403.000703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64531.434119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220854.018299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220854.018299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220854.018299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220854.018299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        60383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8947322491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8947322491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15589336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8962911827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8962911827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8962911827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8962911827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242869.774457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242869.774457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72847.364486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241887.834701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241887.834701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241887.834701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241887.834701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              529.368229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1017009038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1915271.258004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.368229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11233713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11233713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11233713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11233713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11233713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11233713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99671637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99671637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99671637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99671637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     99671637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99671637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11233776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11233776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11233776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11233776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11233776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11233776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1582089.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582089.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1582089.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582089.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1582089.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582089.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71241310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71241310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71241310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71241310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71241310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71241310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737592.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737592.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737592.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737592.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737592.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737592.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                66091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180125796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                66347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2714.904909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.120063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.879937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7783877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7783877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6446160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6446160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14230037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14230037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14230037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14230037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       171825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       172703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       172703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       172703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75342683664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75342683664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    384980167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384980167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75727663831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75727663831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  75727663831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75727663831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7955702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7955702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6447038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6447038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14402740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14402740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14402740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14402740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438484.991497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438484.991497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438473.994305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438473.994305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438484.935589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438484.935589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438484.935589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438484.935589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       105857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        65968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        66093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        66093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29832213204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29832213204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     37015335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37015335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29869228539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29869228539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29869228539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29869228539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452222.489753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452222.489753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 296122.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296122.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451927.262176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451927.262176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451927.262176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451927.262176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.629198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012212983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1954079.117761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.629198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12204887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12204887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12204887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12204887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12204887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12204887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83251459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83251459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83251459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83251459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83251459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83251459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12204941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12204941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12204941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12204941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12204941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12204941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1541693.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1541693.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1541693.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1541693.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1541693.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1541693.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66963674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66963674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66963674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66963674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66963674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66963674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557294.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557294.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557294.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557294.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1557294.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557294.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                40936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166590824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4044.251894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.167269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.832731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.910810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.089190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8394032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8394032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7066759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15460791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15460791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15460791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15460791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       131005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       131913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       131913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       131913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       131913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  44205030425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44205030425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     76233522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76233522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  44281263947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44281263947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  44281263947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44281263947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8525037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8525037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7067667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15592704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15592704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15592704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15592704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337430.101332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337430.101332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83957.623348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83957.623348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335685.367985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335685.367985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335685.367985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335685.367985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11724872941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11724872941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9911246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9911246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11734784187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11734784187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11734784187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11734784187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287501.175543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287501.175543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64358.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64358.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286661.720417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286661.720417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286661.720417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286661.720417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.997907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              931899654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1658184.437722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.920158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.077749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11754622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11754622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11754622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11754622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11754622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11754622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67503407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67503407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67503407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67503407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67503407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67503407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11754669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11754669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11754669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11754669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11754669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11754669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1436242.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1436242.702128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1436242.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1436242.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1436242.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1436242.702128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56082542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56082542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56082542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56082542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     56082542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56082542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602358.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1602358.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602358.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1602358.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1602358.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1602358.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                52618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223951825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                52874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4235.575614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   203.361703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    52.638297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.794382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.205618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17237914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17237914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3340356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3340356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20578270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20578270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20578270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20578270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82612922857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82612922857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24990963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24990963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82637913820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82637913820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  82637913820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82637913820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17423545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17423545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3340644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3340644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20764189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20764189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20764189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20764189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 445038.397988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445038.397988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86774.177083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86774.177083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 444483.424610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444483.424610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 444483.424610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444483.424610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16760600846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16760600846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4370367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4370367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16764971213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16764971213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16764971213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16764971213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318939.712774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318939.712774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65229.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65229.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318616.656144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318616.656144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 318616.656144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318616.656144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.048138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1015631393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2043523.929577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.048138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12531953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12531953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12531953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12531953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12531953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12531953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    160826314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160826314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    160826314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160826314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    160826314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160826314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12532013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12532013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12532013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12532013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12532013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12532013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2680438.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2680438.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2680438.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2680438.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2680438.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2680438.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1272230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 318057.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106461345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106461345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106461345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106461345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106461345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106461345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534793.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534793.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534793.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534793.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2534793.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2534793.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                37037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              164689466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                37293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4416.095943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.467285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.532715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9991593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9991593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7423865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7423865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17415458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17415458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17415458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17415458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        97489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        97489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        97489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21625919399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21625919399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    139618061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139618061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21765537460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21765537460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21765537460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21765537460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10086919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10086919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7426028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7426028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17512947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17512947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17512947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17512947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 226862.759363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226862.759363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64548.340730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64548.340730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223261.470115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223261.470115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223261.470115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223261.470115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9039253050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039253050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15586129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15586129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9054839179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9054839179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9054839179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9054839179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245478.452326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245478.452326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72832.378505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72832.378505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244480.902314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244480.902314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244480.902314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244480.902314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.077759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931913688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658209.409253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.953938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.123820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11768656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11768656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11768656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11768656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11768656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11768656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11768702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11768702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11768702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11768702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11768702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11768702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                52621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223978890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                52877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4235.847155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.481839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.518161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.790945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.209055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17259510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17259510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3345794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3345794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20605304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20605304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20605304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20605304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       186055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       186055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  82049255333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82049255333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27022354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27022354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  82076277687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82076277687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  82076277687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82076277687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17445253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17445253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3346106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3346106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20791359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20791359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20791359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20791359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441735.383476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441735.383476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86610.108974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86610.108974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441139.865561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441139.865561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441139.865561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441139.865561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16644124591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16644124591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4548821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4548821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16648673412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16648673412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16648673412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16648673412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316717.243701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316717.243701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64983.157143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64983.157143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316382.376421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316382.376421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316382.376421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316382.376421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.820519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931887594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658162.978648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.656077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.164443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11742562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11742562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11742562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11742562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11742562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11742562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67224100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67224100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67224100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67224100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67224100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67224100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11742613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11742613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11742613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11742613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11742613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11742613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1318119.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1318119.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1318119.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1318119.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1318119.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1318119.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44594199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44594199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44594199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44594199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44594199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44594199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274119.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274119.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274119.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274119.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274119.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274119.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                52570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223933847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                52826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4239.083917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.552573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.447427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.791221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.208779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17221718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17221718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3338577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3338577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20560295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20560295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20560295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20560295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       185720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       185720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83096150911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83096150911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24784901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24784901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83120935812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83120935812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83120935812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83120935812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17407150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17407150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3338865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3338865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20746015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20746015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20746015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20746015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448121.957974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448121.957974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86058.684028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86058.684028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447560.498665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447560.498665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447560.498665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447560.498665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       132929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16828986083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16828986083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4351371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16833337454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833337454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16833337454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833337454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320533.799650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320533.799650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64945.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64945.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320208.055050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320208.055050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320208.055050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320208.055050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.999791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012857714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1955323.772201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.999791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11533563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11533563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11533563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11533563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11533563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11533563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97205584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97205584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11533615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11533615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11533615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11533615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11533615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11533615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869338.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65473691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65473691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818713.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                53424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172034159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                53680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3204.809221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.928899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.071101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8134891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8134891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6878641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6878641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15013532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15013532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15013532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15013532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       187344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       187344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       187344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  77348269444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77348269444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3431429626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3431429626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80779699070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80779699070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80779699070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80779699070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8316936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8316936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6883940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6883940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15200876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15200876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15200876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15200876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424885.437359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424885.437359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 647561.733535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647561.733535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431183.806634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431183.806634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431183.806634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431183.806634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45951425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 522175.284091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       128776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       133919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18503917074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18503917074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14777489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14777489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18518694563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18518694563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18518694563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18518694563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 347367.457133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347367.457133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94727.493590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94727.493590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 346629.753168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346629.753168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 346629.753168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346629.753168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.729553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1017036434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915322.851224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.729553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11261109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11261109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11261109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11261109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11261109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11261109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103855977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103855977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11261168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11261168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11261168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11261168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11261168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11261168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760270.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65684706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65684706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                66246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180162539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                66502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2709.129635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.085599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.914401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7804715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7804715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6461881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14266596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14266596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14266596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14266596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       173125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       173125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74618043755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74618043755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    266637726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    266637726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74884681481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74884681481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74884681481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74884681481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7977021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7977021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6462700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6462700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14439721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14439721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14439721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14439721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433055.400015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433055.400015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 325564.989011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 325564.989011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432546.896641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432546.896641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432546.896641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432546.896641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       106879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        66246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29628435880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29628435880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29019495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29019495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29657455375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29657455375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29657455375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29657455375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448087.412359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448087.412359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 234028.185484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234028.185484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447686.733916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447686.733916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447686.733916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447686.733916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              516.628394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012194091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1954042.646718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.628394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.066712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12185995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12185995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12185995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12185995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12185995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12185995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87045054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87045054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87045054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87045054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     87045054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87045054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12186049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12186049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12186049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12186049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1611945.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1611945.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1611945.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1611945.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1611945.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1611945.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69552257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69552257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69552257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69552257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69552257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69552257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617494.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617494.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617494.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617494.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617494.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1617494.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                40888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166573481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4048.548537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.167770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.832230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.910812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.089188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8384484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8384484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7059045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7059045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18562                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18562                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15443529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15443529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15443529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15443529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       130838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       131746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       131746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44712141602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44712141602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76129146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76129146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44788270748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44788270748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44788270748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44788270748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8515322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8515322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7059953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7059953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18562                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15575275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15575275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15575275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15575275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 341736.663676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341736.663676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83842.671806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83842.671806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339959.245427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339959.245427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339959.245427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339959.245427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11909066357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11909066357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9909724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9909724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11918976081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11918976081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11918976081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11918976081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292361.819537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292361.819537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64348.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64348.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291503.034656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291503.034656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291503.034656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291503.034656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              494.058570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015649558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2047680.560484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.058570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12550118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12550118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12550118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12550118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12550118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12550118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154106290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154106290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154106290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154106290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154106290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154106290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12550178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12550178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12550178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12550178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12550178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12550178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2568438.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2568438.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2568438.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2568438.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2568438.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2568438.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       313726                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102918800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102918800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102918800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102918800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102918800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102918800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2510214.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2510214.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2510214.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2510214.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2510214.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2510214.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                37084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164709629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4411.077370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.466836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.533164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     10002042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10002042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7433577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7433577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17435619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17435619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17435619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17435619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21278936272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21278936272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139473044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139473044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21418409316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21418409316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21418409316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21418409316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10097450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10097450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7435744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7435744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18080                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18080                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17533194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17533194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17533194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17533194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223030.943653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223030.943653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64362.272266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64362.272266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219507.141337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219507.141337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219507.141337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219507.141337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  1232.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8873109688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8873109688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15520087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15520087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8888629775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8888629775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8888629775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8888629775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240652.808115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240652.808115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72864.258216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72864.258216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239689.078174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239689.078174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239689.078174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239689.078174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
